Practical Discussion On Switching Bitcoin Units -1
Reasons for Bitcoin long term success?  1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!    1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! Wood fired pizza on the deck trying to ignore the market today 0
When people ask you "Is lightning network centralised?" show them this  0
Financial Times' smear campaign against Bitcoin is getting ridiculous. Today, they claim that the drop in bitcoin prices pulled the S&P 500 equities index and oil prices with it.  1
Times Change    -1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!!!  1
An interesting strength about Bitcoin   1
Price suppression   -1
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 22 May 2021 Liveshow  -1
I'm invested in bitcoin because of the environment. Bitcoin mining incentivises the move to renewable energy why isn't this the narrative?  1
Taking profits frequently bs “Hodl”.    -1
Kenny Rogers’ words have never been more relevant   1
I figured out who SATOSHI IS!!! -1
Buying the dip mentality    1
Coinsquare price chart showing different prices than coinbase?  -1
Bitcoin.. How low can it go? - Lil Bubble   0
Would it be wise to invest like 150€ into Bitcoin now? My budget is tight since I am only 16 and my mother doesn’t really believe in cryptocurrencies. Any kind of advice is appreciated, since I really want to start investing in cryptos.    1
Isn't it a little suspicious that...    -1
Why most trading pairs are on USDT not BTC? -1
HAPPY BITCOIN PIZZA DAY!!! In honor of this crypto holiday please enjoy with the dip:)  1
I have no idea what’s going on about this “crash”. I look into my coinbase and I have the same amount of bitcoin that I’ve always had????   -1
Bitcoin Pro -1
Daily Bitcoin News May 21st, 2021   -1
help    0
Bitcoin Roth IRA    1
Could this be a knife to BTC and other crypto? I'm not here to argue so please, no childish 'Stop with the FUD' comments. I have Bitcoin myself and buy whenever I can. 0
One thing I don’t understand    -1
Just started in Bitcoin 1
Can centralized exchanges, such as Huobi and Binance, control the price of Bitcoin? -1
Today is Bitcoin Pizza Day. 11 years ago Bitcoin made its first-ever payment for a product and service. To celebrate crypto companies are hosting many pizza-related crypto events. 1
How Bitcoin Pizza Day Probably Happened 1
Sending an Email Tutorial in 1984   -1
What platform do you use for crypto?    -1
Those price targets sound tasty 1
China   -1
Money is not a shared delusion  -1
Bitcoin (BTC) Miners May Leave China – AronBoss -1
Meet the guy who spent 10k btc for 2 pizza's.   -1
How long will this stalemate last?  0
Enlighten me... -1
Bitcoin Speaks for first time since crash....   1
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, May 22, 2021    -1
Timing transfers to cold storage    -1
If you could afford to buy one whole Bitcoin, would you buy it in fractions or whole at current market? -1
NFT of picture of original pizzas. Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!!    1
I just bought this Pizza for 26000 Sats in honor to Lazlo who bought a Pizza for 10.000Btc in 2010. Happy Pizzaday! 1
We should hold a hackathon for green mining and give a bounty for the best solutions.   1
Just gonna leave this here and see what y’all say   -1
Musky Tweets and Gensler Says "Protections" Needed. Good or Bad?    -1
Just bought more!   1
Update: More than 1.1 tons of food were given to vulnerable people in our community in Venezuela. Thank you to everyone who made this possible. 1
Michael Saylor Argues The Risks of Bitcoin  0
How to trade on binance and set stop losses, a lot of people dont know what CFD's are. here is an explanation   -1
Bitcoin -1
The Impact of the Tesla Investment on Bitcoin   1
HAPPY BITCOIN PIZZA DAY!!   1
Cannot find Chinese sources about the mining ban    -1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! 🍕 Today we celebrate the first bitcoin purchase: 10,000 BTC for 2 pizzas. 11 years ago, Laszlo Hanyecz made history. Confirming that not all heroes wear capes, but they probably eat pizza.   1
The only coin worth holding long term is Bitcoin.   1
As if holding is that difficult..   0
BTC whales playing us   0
Dance with Bitcoin! 1
How do taxes work for the free coinbase shitcoin giveaways? assuming you take the $3 in free shitcoin and then sell it to buy bitcoin   -1
Bitcoin's value is on an entire other level, contingent upon where you live 1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! Here is a flyer I made to remember this day!🍕 Hope you like it guys    1
Bitcoin will not be worth as much as a Margarita Pizza 🍕    0
Help    -1
Banking on Green Energy (Banks use more electric energy than BTC) 😏 1
How can I purchase bitcoin with my Venmo balance?   1
Ok so thinking outside the box - A lot of coins look like BTC's chart! What would you say if the mega wealthy were using altcoins to suck the money out to put in digital gold (BTC) this way the mega wealthy don't use their own money (but your money from alts). Now they have Gold and Digital Gold?   -1
Dollar Cost Averaging   1
become a hodler -1
Is Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Buying/Selling/Trading Legal Or Illegal In India? -1
Crypto "Mom" with the SEC with positive statements on Bitcoin ETF. "SEC’s Peirce Says Bitcoin ETF Approval by U.S. Is Long Overdue" TLDR summation in first comment.    1
Despite the recent correction - Bitcoin has still vastly outperformed every large cap stock in the world in the past 12 months...   1
Even Larry Summers, former US Sec. Treasurer, sees the handwriting on the wall. "Summers Says Crypto Has Chance of Becoming ‘Digital Gold’" TLDR in First comment.  1
I was dreaming in my dreaming Of an aspect bright and fair And my sleeping it was broken But my dream it lingered near In the form of shining valleys .....The people have the power The people have the power The people have the power The people have the power  -1
Market corrections are a signs of a strong asset.   1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day- Looking for Laszlo Hanyecz’s BSC address   1
What does taproot allow?    -1
Look back Down the mountain..   -1
Anyway I can buy a quick $10 in bitcoin? I'm low on money and thought this might might be a good Investment so I might get morelater    1
Bitcoin Spent on Two Pizzas in 2010 Now Worth $384 Million  1
Next course of action of the governments of the world   -1
My opinion to the China/Elon FUD with the populism and discussion culture around it -1
How much is bitcoin carbon footprint ?  0
5 lessons from Bitcoin’s very bad week  0
Best browser plugin Lightning Network   -1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day 🍕   1
can I print paper wallet on bitcoin atm?    -1
Can I buy bitcoins in the UK while I am a student on Tier 4 visa?   1
Caribbean island of Bequia plans to become world’s first Bitcoin community  1
Estimating Bitcoin value utilizing quantitative models, Part 1  -1
Why is it when bitcoin actually dips, people don’t want to know about but then when goes back to all time highs every wants to buy and is hoping for a dip. -1
I've been thinking a lot..  -1
0 confirmations after 3 days. Is my money lost? 0
The end of the bull market will be signaled with the Bitcoin parabolic move.    0
Why transaction in still unconfirmed    -1
WHY ARE WE BULLISH? Real Diamond Hands NEVER Sell   1
Is there a place to get live liquidity data of trading pairs on binance? I mean a little more than the small order book at the binance's trading interface. -1
If China cracks down on miners, it could create a new bull run quite soon.  1
Does anyone know the answer?    -1
Need help with a QUESTION   -1
FINALLY some bitcoin gear w/ good designs   1
How Centralised is the Lightning Network?   -1
Hablemos del PIZZA DAY BITCOIN 🍕    1
Kraken added a new mechanical feature when you want to sell your Bitcoin... They promised it would work 90% of the times , Just gotta have a compatible phone like this...  1
What do you guys think about this?  -1
Am I the only one?  -1
Crypto strategies: Here’s a choice of plans: Plan A: Keep but don’t buy any more. Plan B: As plan A but sell all. Plan C: Keep and buy more in the dip! X   1
Media calls Michael Saylor a Gigachad   -1
What is the highest value bitcoin is expected? Can bitcoin go to price 10k? Or 5k this year?    0
Happy Pizza Day, everyone   1
Buying Bitcoin in Denmark   1
Today I bought my cheapest BTC 🎉    1
Is Hodl really the only way?    0
Bitcoin Pizza Day 2021  -1
Laszlo: “I have no regrets”. I’ll pay 10,000 Bitcoins for a couple of pizzas.. like maybe two large ones, so I have some leftover for the next day. I like things like onions, peppers, sausage, mushrooms, tomatoes, pepperoni, etc.. just standard stuff, no weird fish topping or anything like that -1
For all the weak hands, trying to be clever. Don't! Simply buy Bitcoin and HODL. Consider DCA to get the most of the dips like we've right now. 0
Noobish question about Bitcoin being a commonly used currency   -1
Guess I'm having pizza  -1
Btc Price Target of $307K by October and $12.5 million by 2031 well expl... 1
Need help with offline electrum wallet  -1
China crypto players shrug off Beijing's latest crackdown   1
Got this email today... guess I can afford to put on a few more lockdown lbs.   -1
CCP banning mining would be a good thing    1
Why some call Bitcoin the biggest “Ponzi Scheme” since Bernie Madoff…   0
Whales Bought the Dip as BTC Price Dropped Below $36K   1
More proof banks and institutions are getting into crypto and buying the dip    1
Forget the dip - use satoshis or bitcoins to buy pixels and participate to a digital mosaic?    0
Need help, anyone able to explain why this transaction taking 24h+ to confirm?  -1
Where should I buy my Bitcoin?  1
Market Continues To Fall as China Mulls Banning BTC Mining  0
Staff at Biggest Dutch Domino’s Pizza Franchise Can Now Be Paid in Bitcoin  1
ALL crypto retail hodlers should unify  1
Extreme Fear Persists in the Bitcoin World — What’s Next for Bitcoin Price? When the chaos subsides, the price of Bitcoin will resume its ascent.   1
For my love Bitcoin 1
Interview with Tobias Adrian (IMF) about Bitcoin (german)   -1
Clean Bitcoin!  1
People complaining about too much BTC mining in China but freaking out when they "ban" it   -1
Still holding after buying the dip at 58k !!!   1
Do you miss when media used to report this about bitcoin?   -1
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day 1
Is there a scenario where the environmental concerns make bitcoin fall? 0
What do you think would happen to Bitcoin, if a Country or Company accumulated an extremely large holding of Bitcoin, ie. 50% or more?  0
Bitcoin - To big to fail!!! 1
BTC RATE IS SO HIGH -1
Staff at Biggest Dutch Domino’s Pizza Franchise Can Now Be Paid in Bitcoin  1
HAPPY BITCOIN PIZZA DAY 1
Hong Kong wants to ban cryptocurrencies...  0
Sums up the past 3 weeks.   -1
Crowdsourcing crypto price predictions  -1
Just chill  -1
Digital asset depository bill approved, A bill establishing a state-level regulatory system for digital assets — including cryptocurrency such as Bitcoin — passed  1
Nebraska Legislature Approves Framework for Digital Asset Banks 1
Got a badge in celebration of India Bitcoin Pizza Day 2021  1
A funny way to describe the situation.  -1
I saw another post exposing a scammer and I got inspired. Don't fall for shit like this 0
The Bitcoin Price Crash, Smart Money & Manipulation of the Market   0
BTC still growing / improving.  1
To all my fellow hodlers….an omen to your strength…HODL!    1
Market Cap and actual value.    -1
Insider that leaked information regarding the crash two times posted again  0
MUST WATCH Bitcoin Price crash: It's a 4-year cycle. Buy the dip, not the crash!    1
I've been in bitcoin for a few years now and no matter how many times I read the word 'Bull' or 'Bear' I still have to picture in my head either a bull scraping it's nose in the dirt or a bear grabbing a bees nest out of a tree My brain just won't make the quick associations -1
Collective whale hunt   -1
Laszlo Hanyecz is known as the first person to use bitcoin in a commercial transaction. Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day to all. 1
bitcoin -1
Question about wealth simple for selling and buying bitcoin -1
No electricity in China -1
Fuck I bought the dip and everyone left crypto  0
Are BTC bubbles predictable?    -1
Why We Need Bitcoin 1
What scares you more FUD or FOMO?   -1
This is more relevant than ever before. Listen to what they are saying! -1
The major Bitcoin dips of the last bull run vs the 2021 Bitcoin dips    -1
SEC’s Peirce Says Bitcoin ETF Approval by U.S. Is Long Overdue By Benjamin Bain 1
New York May Ban All Bitcoin Mining 0
Anyone know why btc dot com cannot seem to make their mind up if they want or don't want to signal for Taproot? -1
Hey guys, need a little help understanding Segwit and Legacy addresses  -1
Anyone in USA investing in BTCX.u or ETHX.u?    -1
Understanding Bitcoin's most recent accident: What truly occurred?  0
Bittrex stole my money. -1
Biggest bullish news coming up  1
Government ban  0
Dear Elon... #Bitcoin   -1
Bitcoin live address analysis on Chainxai   -1
What's your favorite crypto portfolio tracker with Binance.US?  -1
Does it really cost $90,700 CAD to mine 1 bitcoin?  0
Jacksonville, Florida:  -1
Any one else feeling Like this? GET UP BITCOIN !!!  0
How Iran uses Bitcoin mining to mitigate the impact of Sanctions    1
Daily Discussion, May 22, 2021  -1
Has anyone else had issues with Bitcoin.com wallet and getting a refund for sending mined BTC to a wallet address you received when opening your wallet and it being a wallet that was already in use by another customer?  0
Is this Bitcoin's one final match before mass adoption? 1
China control btc next 1-3day china fake news btc down 20000$ you stop pannie sell help help #ban china 0
I’m feeling 2014 crypto winter vibes. I haven’t felt this way since then. It feels like another drop may be coming. I will tell you. Ignore that shit. That is all  0
Transaction uncomfirmed on blockchain   0
Federal Reserve Chair Jerome H. Powell outlines the Federal Reserve's response to technological advances driving rapid change in the global payments landscape  -1
BlockFi is only down 10m?   0
i thought bitcoin lost volatility. this dump is actually good news. 1
How to break crypto 0
1 sat = 1 seed  0
Board game I found at a random shop in Oklahoma called ‘Tuesday Morning’.   -1
Mood    -1
Phone apps for everyday BTC transactions    1
Where do you guys get information for cryptos?I mean, news and stuff    -1
Bitcoin can be banned   0
Hodling Bitcoin means not to use it?    -1
well, this didn't age well. 0
Bitcoin and bills   -1
Ready for Pizza Day? It's Bitcoin's second most important holiday.  -1
May 23th, let’s make it a self fulfilling prophecy! 1
"(Elon) is as enthusiastic as I am..."  -1
I can no longer hold a currency that has been shown to consistently lose significant value time and time again. I'm out 0
SHOULD I FILE A LAWSUIT AGAINST BINANCE, HELP!!!    0
Why Elon musk has so much influence over the crypto market? -1
Help For Beginners. -1
Bitcoin promotes peace prosperity and truth.    1
Wallets -1
Is this really us... crypto investors?? 0
Bitcoin tops and bottoms    -1
Borrowing against Assets    1
You ARE in it for the money -1
Food for thought    -1
A couple charts from the Fed    -1
This Crypto Whale Sold 3K BTC at $58K, Bought 3521 BTC During The Market Dip    1
China and Musk  -1
Bitcoin is finally building a support line, so far it has just hung in the air. It has finally come. Without funds, you can only build a tent.  -1
₿Green (the Smart Network)  -1
Governments will never be able to devalue Bitcoin, as long as this algorithm is continually able to explain it  1
Most of the people who buy bitcoin don’t even spend it  -1
If i started a hyperinflation protest. March on Washington D.C. Would anyone come? It'd be nice to raise public awareness to the hyperinflation that is about to engulf thier savings and destroy their lives   -1
The ultimate question?  -1
To all newcomers. It's only you and the media that think the bullrun is over.   1
Do you maintain your privacy if you receive bitcoin from someone else who bought it from a kyc exchange?    -1
How risky is Bitcoin compared to stocks?    0
The bitcoin flippening  0
The original classic: I AM HODLING  1
“Bitcoin has 0 value!” Why this is a valid and an invalid argument. -1
If you want to know what is really happening with Bitcoin, Willy Woo perfectly explains -1
Small community bank executives want me to give a talk about bitcoin... -1
I had a dream that Bitcoin Dipped To $4000  0
China is in top ten countries that own bit coin -1
Found some crazy evidence pointing towards a huge pump coming - enjoy   1
The one thing these dips has proved -1
Bitcoin Banning!!!  0
