END DAY
If Africa starts finding mountains full of gold, then they’re going to devalue that shit faster than they devalued neighborhoods when minorities moved in
Small mining
Refinancing my mortgage to buy BTC? Yes? No? Your thoughts?
Got my hands on a 3070 today
Bitcoin vs Cambio Climatico
So, I keep reading everyone praising Kevin O’Leary for changing his position on Bitcoin. I guess we missed the part where he said he has been in crypto since 2017.....and telling the public it’s garbage until day before yesterday.
I'm about to sell most of my stack
Make Free 0.000009 BTC 100% Free!
My bitcoin node is uploading 100 to 150GB a day
Bitcoin and the US stock market
On the front page of reddit right now
How to apply for cryptocurrency loan
An Iranian Think Tank Recommends the Use of Cryptocurrencies to Circumvent Sanctions
Crystal Elephant Token
bitcoin $100M
NES-Pi Full Node is go!
BITCOIN MARCH 1ST
Opinion?
'Big Short' Investor Michael Bury SLAMS bitcoin as a 'speculative bubble' - and says a crash is coming
Michael burry
What is the best p2p exchange that doesn’t require kyc?
WabiSabi: Centrally Coordinated CoinJoins with Variable Amounts
Disrupção e startup
How does Bitcoin scale on an interplanetary level?
Inspired by Tesla, South Korean Crypto Moms Take the Bitcoin Plunge
The Carrot is the original pendulum, which can tell you whether or not you should do something. "Should I invest in bitcoin?"
The carrot is the world's first pendulum, which can tell you whether or not you can do something. "Should I buy bitcoin?"
Has anyone ever sent bitcoins through Coldcoin.ml website and if yes can ysomebody help me ? I wrote the BTC address but do not know how to confirm new revipient address
Full bitcoiner
No View on Blockchain When sending bitcoin on cashapp
Mina has been audited by Gauntlet
Hal got his first Bitcoin sent to him from Satoshi, I was gifted my first Bitcoin from Coinbase. Thank you for the free $136 and counting!
Hey Doge you trying to score
Len Sassaman and Satoshi
12c6DSiU4Rq3P4ZxziKxzrL5LmMBrzjrJX
Discover Hidden Treasure. Earn Cryptocurrency!
Pirate booty
What should I do?
$URUS token question
In 2013, this reporter spent 10 Bitcoin on a sushi dinner in San Francisco. That's now worth $500k
Flexa Spedn
TO THE MOON [Ep01] with Max Keiser &amp; Stacy Herbert: THE GENESIS
I'm doing my part.
Thats goow browser to mine bitcoin
How bad is Bitcoin for the environment?
welld d
Bitcoin public domain
What are we doing?
Best app for all your Bitcoin needs?
What Is Bitcoin: Mother Of All Bubbles Or Revolutionary Breakthrough : NPR
Bitcoin Audible: Read_501 - The Capital Strip Mine [Allen Farrington]
What are the odds of random bitcoin getting sent to your account?
YOLO...but the bank is broke?
This pretty much explains how all my Facebook friends were acting when Bitcoin hit $50,000.
My Bitcoin Journey
It is absolutely hilarious that Old Yellen thinks she has anything to do with the price of bitcoin.
how mcuh is a bitcoin sell?
How to Assess the Bitcoin Market Cycle: 200 Week Moving Average Heat Map
Bitcoin taking the role of Bonds?
Bitcoin Breakthrough System
The Jump to a Higher-Tier Market Rings a Bullish Bell for Argo Blockchain
Bitcoin Daydream...
Liquidly Mining
Any tips or advice
HELP
I was bored today so I made a retro themed Bitcoin poster
BITCOIN Hedge Funds Go to 5:56 if interested...
Running a full node - future compensation?
FREE BITCOIN
Bring on the Bitcoin returns! Go to 5:56 on the video for Hedge Fund results...
BRING on the returns!
An investigative report into the TRUE economy that is behind Bitcoin
Wallet Recovery 2017
Not much but I’m in for the long haul💪🏽
Accepting BTC at not-for-profit
Sent bitcoin through Cash app (Initiated)
Three Separate Whale Buys of 710 BTC ($34,430,536 USD) on Coinbase 30min ago - 103MILLION
On NPR tonight I heard Kai Ryssdal ask a reporter what Bitcoin is. It immediately reminded me of this great clip.
Please any developer explain Bitcoin to Elon!
We are going to look back on this time as similar to when any disruptive technology comes into play and leaves people in the dust.
Recover 12-word wallet in Zap?
"What is internet anyway?" Anyone see any parallels to what's going on in mass media today?
Psychedelic Bitcoin NFT art !
Does anyone know a way to buy cryptocurrency online without id verification
KYC after moving to a different state?
Wow! We caught another shark! Shark Tank’s Kevin O’Leary: The Real Deal Behind His Bitcoin 180 and Why a $100K Price Is Not Crazy
Bitfarms Purchases 48,000 Bitcoin Miners, Plans to Increase Hashpower by 5 Exahash
My gf wanted me to paint with her. This is what I made...
Any familiarity with scammers on discord
Huge shout out to the creator, mods, and community of r/bitcoin
Instale o navegador CryptoTab e comece a ganhar dinheiro extra apenas por utilizá-lo. Desde que veja vídeos no YouTube, leia notícias e utilize as redes sociais, como faz diariamente, ganha Bitcoins verdadeiras.
Will there be another Bitcoin / Crypto bear market?
When is the crash?
Disrupção e startup
Take your orange pill, every night before bed.
Transfers to coinbase wallet
Register – Learn &amp; Earn Forex
question about full node
Where do you feel we fit in this graph at the moment?
More Institutional Investors Jumping Into Bitcoin Leaves Less to Go Around, Data Show
Thinking about Bitcoin energy use at the grocery store.
$200 Amazon gift card
I love BTC and I’m an avid investor. But, I also don’t know good arguments towards BTC. What would one say to this?
New too Bitcoin
Bitcoin vs alt coins like ETH, ADA, DOT
Order Book activity makes no sense to me.
Just reflecting..
Alt Season 2.0: Analyst Claims It’s “Showtime” For Ethereum
Is there even such thing as a bitcoin "bagholder"?
Warning this bubble is going to burst soon.
I now have $5.85 previously $0.07 in july 2016
Will we reach a point soon where the effective supply of Bitcoin is decreasing due to deaths of those who own it?
My first purchase of Bitcoin
Maxim: after surpassing a previous bull run ATH, we don't go below it again?
just want to share this :) mine through your phone
Casting Call for Crypto Traders
In this NPR story from today the pros of Bitcoin are accurate and the cons of bitcoin in this are actually also the pros of Bitcoin lols. Kinda cringe when you hear the mainstream media take on Bitcoin. Like the “wARren BUffeT sAys iTs raT pOisOn!”
Want to buy bit coin but I am Under 18
Casting Call for Crypto Traders
Kevin O'Leary speaks on his 180 and Green Bitcoin
Ok, evryone seems in a tizzy about NYS cracking down on crypto. I'm actually looking at the links (OMG, I actually do things like that), it says $5000, and if startup, financial paperwork is minimal. Am I missing something here? For $5000 I can start a crypt exchange in NYS? Read on.
U.S. Senator Elizabeth Warren calls Bitcoin "Speculative"
XRP hodlers will be like...
Trying To Understand The Hash Wars
It’s melting right now but we’re fine. Am I right? P.S this is my animation I did after my main job. Super stress relieving 👨🏻‍🎨
Bitcoin $75k by may or even higher 🤑
I didn't know bitcoin mining is still a thing out there.
Colombia’s Banco de Bogotá Begins Crypto Pilot
Gary Gensler clears the air regarding cryptocurrency
You should be crazy to hold an currency losing so much value over time and with such volatility! Oh wait, it is the dollar compared to BTC!
how would you search for bitcoin on old hard drives?
I use my hotspot network to spread the word of Bitcoin as I travel
Selling my first NFT. I call it Socially Distant.
User loses 13 btc/$650k to mycryptomixer.com
Any phone can now be a cold storage device
(Ep 1.) TO THE MOON | Genesis | Max &amp; Stacy
Enjoy The Ride
Got this in a DM from discord. I have no interest in Bitcoin and I’m unsure which server it’s from. Is it a scam?
Snapped this pic at my local smokeshop. Asked the owner and he had even taken bitcoin as payment for another art piece. Pretty cool!
🤦‍♂️
Raoul Pal Investment Thesis | Bitcoin, Bonds &amp; Emerging Markets
Improvements to Transactions Per Second?
💔 Wait what? LocalBitcoins.com BANNED with 2K€ in BTC ⚠️
Getting sick and tired of Elon Musk
Is Bitcoin Dead? A Walk Through History
Every single day till he cracks and buys his first satoshis
BITCOIN E ALTRI METODI FANTASTICI
[OC] Every single day till he cracks and buys his first satoshis
This is on trezor block explorer. Top amount is my test amount to my trezor. That second amount has nothing to do with me but it's linked with my transfer? What is it?
Benma on the BitBox02 Hardware Wallet
Need help recovering Bitcoin
Wasabi Wallet &amp; Canadian Bitcoin Exchange Bull Bitcoin Grant 0.86 BTC to Support Bitcoin Knots Development
SEC Chair Nominee Gary Gensler: Crypto a 'Catalyst for Change' - Decrypt
Wasabi Wallet And Canadian Bitcoin Exchange Bull Bitcoin Grant Bitcoin Knots 0.86 BTC
But can it take us to the moon I think not
He really is
I hope the wisdom in this forum is correct
“I don’t believe we shall ever have a good money again before we take the thing out of the hands of government, that is, we can’t take them violently out of the hands of government, all we can do is by some sly roundabout way introduce something they can’t stop.” - Friedrich Hayek 1984
The Saylor Series with Robert Breedlove (transcript) | Episode 4 | Bitcoin: The First Digital Monetary Energy Network
Central banks bad?
Is it just going to keep dropping today?
Rangers become latest club to attract crypto sponsorship and fan token
Btc Mining
“I don’t believe we shall ever have a good money again before we take the thing out of the hands of government, that is, we can’t take them violently out of the hands of government, all we can do is by some sly roundabout way introduce something they can’t stop.” - Friedrich Hayek
Alt
Beware of Spam Calls
Thinking about lending
MANNARINO FINALLY GOES BERSERK! ITS A TOTAL SH!TSHOW. Epic! Mannarino
Bitcoiner Pro Tip: Memorize your 24 word seed phrase
Nocoiners..
Is Crypto custodian a Prime brokerage model?
What's the safest non custodial software wallet?
In the future, how does BTC gain global adoption with such high fees?
Move over, GameStop. NFTs are here — to stay
Can I connect to a remote node and open a LND channel
Trezor Secure Key
Introducing OpenSwap.io -- The place to monetize your content for BTC!
What's the best Canadian platform to day trade bitcoin?
Aye download this lads
Join for hot pictures https://discord.gg/mPBNp838
Wallet Password Recovery Service
Why isn’t it getting dropped
Can I auto withdrawal from swan bitcoin to coldcard wallet?
THE BEST CRYPTO PUMP CALENDAR!
Did you know that 72 million ETH (62% of total exist) was created in first block ?
Up vote and I'll definitely do the same.
The Unhashed Podcast: Have you heard of my lord and savior Cthulhu?
[Dev/RFC] Spot. A tiny microservice for handling HD wallets in production applications
Discussion: why Nano may theoretically be a better store of value than Bitcoin.
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Don’t trust 100 % you tubers Bitcoin
join https://discord.gg/UvTBx8bf
Ticket prices to Bitcoin 2021 in Miami is raising this Friday, get yours now:
I bought 100$ of bitcoin from a p2p platform, but I paid 130$ for it(fees to send the bitcoins to my walet + sellers fees), i'm i doing this correctly or there is a cheaper way to buy bitcoins ?
Taproot / Schnorr affect Bank adoption?
Cryptocurrency Fundamental Analysis platform
Is the bitcoin code transparent and accessible enough for the community to be aware of any potential glitches / errors / malicious code?
Cboe Says It’s Seeking Approval to List Bitcoin ETF in U.S.
Tax reduction question
I made a deep dive video for Sparrow Wallet: hot wallets, cold wallets, multisig, connecting to nodes + more. Used examples with Trezor, Ledger, Cobo, Coldcard, Umbrel and myNode.
I was bored so I made a retro bitcoin poster
The sentiment can change real quick
great testimony
The importance of of getting small businesses into Bitcoin can't be understated.... They need to beat the S&amp;P 500/Fortune 500 businesses to the punch..
Welp.
Whales Beware!!!
My first bitcoin art! Keep calm and HODL on &lt;3
Question
Is Bitcoin Anonymous?
How To Get Bitcoin
What Is A Bitcoin Improvement Proposal (BIP)?
Can Bitcoin Scale?
What Is a Blockchain?
Elon musk in the mission to drop that Bitcoin price
What is SegWit?
What Are Atomic Swamps?
How To Keep Bitcoins Safe
What Are Bitcoin Mixers?
What Are Bitcoin Wallets?
What Gives Bitcoin Value?
Is Bitcoin A Good Investment?
Bitcoin And Taxes
What is KYC?
How Does The Lightning Network Work?
What Are Sats?
Get 50$ off on first 5 lyft ride. (Toronto)
Imagine shorting bitcoin to 0,01
HashShiny - World's Leading Cloud Mining! New user get 3 TH/S (BTC) Hash Rate For Free!
BTC to PayPal (Working 2021)
I wrote a trading algo that buys BTC every time Peter Schiff Tweets
63.5 reasons to invest in Bitcoin today
Bitcoin: Japanese-style regulations called for as 'cryptos' become cash 'alternative'
A WARNING for everyone.
3 years ago I made this post about BTC diamond, and BTC gold being shitcoins. It wasn't popular but it was spot on, I even got messages saying I was delusional about BTC gold being crap.
https://cryptobitbusiness.com Is it a Scam or Legit
ETH mine
Bitcoin emoji on WhatsApp
FREEWALLET IS THE NAME !!! SCAMMING IS THERE GAME
Every panic sell is a gift to the elite..
Bitcoin - dropping coins | Green Screen Effects | 4K UHD @60fps | Downlo...
Eagle Mining App on Google Play
My local gas station in East LA! 🚀🚀🚀
Code parrain : mohamedaminemhl
Code parrain : mohamedaminemhl
Why Bitcoin is the only answer for me
Geek Group falling hard..... This is good tho
My deputy governor still denies cryptocurrecies and asserted that Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are not cryptocurrencies at all.
BITCOIN TRANSACTION STUCK
Bitcoin trader's emotions after buying the 🌒
My first go at some Bitcoin art 😎
Let’s print “To infinity and beyond!” 💸🚀
Let’s print, “To infinity and beyond!” 💸🚀
Solving Complex Mathematical Puzzles
Coinbase Pro vs Gemini?
Mainstream media: BTC uses more energy than Argentina and Ukraine. Anyone with a brain: so Argentina and Ukraine don't use a lot of energy do they? Better question: How much energy does BTC use compared to the United States, China, and EU? MSM is a joke. Block out the noise. Keep stacking sats.
How does this affect us ?
Bitcoin energy consumption breakdown by energy source
Hello community
What are some apps/websites you PERSONALLY use to generate free/discounted/cashbacked bitcoin?
Question regarding Bitcoin/cryptocurrency
Can anyone identify the compatibility of this seed phrase from early 2014?
'Shark Tank' star changes tune on Bitcoin, will allocate 3% of his portfolio
Top 10 tip How To start Blockchain Educaition | Crypto Glossary
Corporate Investment in Bitcoin
At some point in the future, the symbol $ will be used for both dollar and satoshi without any ambiguity
BITCOIN repeating January's price action within this Channel
Daily Bitcoin News March 1st, 2021
Social Experiment: Make me a bitcoin millionaire
A Beginner’s Guide to Crypto Margin Trading
State Street named fund administrator for VanEck's proposed bitcoin ETF
Newbie waiting for pump.
Goldman Sachs Getting Into Crypto Trading
Venezuela Workers
You already know where [fixed]
Crypto Gaming
Anyone else feel like we are watching the infrastructure being put in place for the people of the world to take back our planet from the government? 🚀
SEC Worried About Default Bitcoin ETFs
Binance CEO Warns: Bitcoin May Fall More.
Should I have a (hardware) crypto wallet before I start buying Bitcoin?
They are trying to shill BCH being the original “bitcoin” over in r/btc. We should probably go fight them.
F2 Pool Selling to Extend BTC Bull Run?
luxcoin bet !
BTC volume at $8 trillion yesterday
🥊🥊
10k increments to 100k !!! 🚀 👩‍🚀
Trezor one
"Bitcoin Falls After Gensler Says SEC Must Root Out Crypto Fraud" Personally, I don't think this means anything. He is testifying during his confirmation hearing, and knows certain things need to be said. I've listened to Gensler lecture at MIT, and he knows crypto, and Bitcoin intimately.
China’s Inner Mongolia Plans to Shut Down Bitcoin Mining Operations by April This Year
Trezor one
Trezor one
Trezor one
Trezor one
What does Elon’s latest post mean
Cryptography Mailing List - Satoshi Nakamoto's first discussions about Bitcoin - an interesting read
Another Bitpanda withdrawal drama...
I'm now a millionaire!!
I Can’t Teach You To Be Rich, but I Can Teach You How Not To Get Rekt Thanks to Bitcoin
Slow mempool. Options?
Earn interest with multisig?
I now identify as a Bitcoin!
END DAY
Telegram make a bot that give you daily Bitcoins just by log-in. Check it out.
How long will it take for the remainder of the rest of the bitcoin is left to be mind
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
IRS clarifies that buying and holding crypto doesn't require 1040 reporting
Reasons for the recent drop?
GO $LTC
GO $LTC
Should I buy now or wait
Inertia - A Lesson On Bitcoin's Resiliency
Setor de energia
Grow your network — earn faster, earn more!
How my money been rob by Binance
kamil stoch bitcoin
Crypto Transaction Tracking in BTC
Anyone know correlation coefficients?
Bitcoin Data(Hashrate for different countries)
Laser Eyes
How is bitcoin going to be made fungible? I get that some coins can have their history obfuscated
Banks Turn Away Customer Deposits due to Negative Interest Rates in Germany
Buying BTC &amp; USD on Coinbase Pro
Blew out my account.
aleksandar vučić bitcoin
Bitcoin $50k+ Again...
Dump and HODL is the key
What’s your take on MSTR today?
Bitcoin Indicator
North America's First Bitcoin ETF Now Holds Over 11,000 BTC
Beware the Bitcoin recovery companies and some exchanges. Protect yourself.
BlockFi Bitcoin Spread
To the guy I used to work with
XRP BTC Trade?
#stocks #bitcoin
Bitcoinwallet.inc domain for sale
Bitcoin Audible: Read_502 - LOT true or false? The Last Hurdle for Taproot [Aaron Van Wirdum]
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning soon.
Let’s discuss what China banning mining will do to the price
Use these Indicators to Sell Close to the Top
I could've had well over 6 figures at 21
DUBAI EVENT BIG FUTURE MISSION
Taxes 2021. Build back better without a MAGA hat on. TurboTax is the Devil
Coinbase pro
Bitcoin reclaims $50,000 as the price hits one-week high.
Howdoo is continuously advancing!
Evil Goldman Sachs to destroy bitcoin again via manipulation Again? and Again??
Are you really surprised Elizabeth Warren doesn't get Bitcoin?
DRUG MONEY!
Crypto game like Pokémon Go, but you are paid in Bitcoin! It’s in Beta right now but you can join by downloading TestFlight on the AppStore and then using my link! You’ll also get $3 free once you get your first green key!
Replace by Fee question
Can I see my Coinbase Pro funds in regular Coinbase, or is it kept in a separate wallet?
Is FreeBitco.in a scam? I have spin the faucet almost 14,000 times and haven't hit any of the top 5 prices, which is almost statistically imposible
Proving Bitcoin Haters Wrong
Demographics of Bitcoin holdlers
Financial Institutions Risk To Cut Themselves Off From Innovations
SEC Chair Nominee taught “Blockchain &amp; Money” course at MIT.
Ledger X vs Ledger S
teamHODL - Crypto Queen (feat. Kaila Love)
Recovering coin from HDD
The IRS wants you to HODL Bitcoin Forever as the Ultimate Store of Value
Purchasing BTC with business/institutional account- what exchange site are you using?
Can someone recommend a company to set up a Self Directed IRA / Checkbook IRA for my BTC?
Is there any downside to owning bitcoin in an ETF? (BTCC.b)
Earning Free Bitcoin.
SCAM
Len Sassaman and Satoshi: a Cypherpunk History
this was me all last week
Bitcoin disappeared. Looking for help.
North America's First Bitcoin ETF Now Holds Over 11,000 BTC
My price target is infinity
Back to the future
I just found my first bitcoin worthy future purchase. There's not many things I'd be willing to trade any amount of bitcoin for but this is one of them.
https://leung-btc.medium.com/len-sassaman-and-satoshi-e483c85c2b10
Bitcoin art acrylic on canvas. I call it "the calm before the storm"... what do you think.
Someone forgot the lights on at binance 😂🤦🏽‍♂️🤯👍
North America’s First Bitcoin ETF Now Holds Over 11,000 BTC
Bitcoin Optech: Bitcoin Technical Updates Newsletter #138
Bitcoin vs pokemon cards?
Diversifying stocks with Bitcoin = uncorrelated alpha
If you get to 1m USD and you wanted to cash it out which exchanges would you use?
Eat my ass pussyfart
English to Polish Translation Archive
Anyone doing the My Constant thing ? Loaning BTC and gaining profits?
Electrum to Trezor
أفضل محفظة بتكوين مجانية للمبتدئين 2021
Setor de energia
Do not put your balances here, please!
Purchasing Hardware Wallet
Purchasing Hardware Wallet
Purchasing Hardware Wallet
$100533 July. $239013 by August 15. BTC
[Documentary] Bitcoin Boom: Is This the New Safe Haven? - Bloomberg April 2013
iPhone widget
Best app for storing my Bitcoin while I am waiting for my cold card
Kings of Leon Will Be the First Band to Release an Album as an NFT (Includes some interesting perks)
Necesito referidos, no tengo a quien mándarle o pedirle el favor, quiero saber si ese bot de telegram paga, o no paga. No tengo como generar mas,
Paying viabtc to confirm my transactions
Realistically if bitcoin gets banned... wouldn’t it’s value just skyrocket?
Bitcoin spongebob
US-Based FDCTech Adopts Bitcoin as Payment Method
The Fed, Markets And Inflation With Michael Lebowitz
It has finally arrived, my Bitcoin should feel a lot safer!
Now they laugh, then they will come after our bitcoins
The drops at bitcoin have made me numb to stock price drops lol
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Gift
Need 1btc.
buying bitcoin on coinbase
Bitcoin has processed 0 transactions in the last 45 minutes... is this a regular occurance?
Crystal Ball advice
Bitcoin Core 0.21.0 Tor V3 has Tor V2 peers ??
Тhеrе is a Yоutubеr саlled "Lеon Faraday" that lеarns everyweek а nеw skill. His rеlativеs рassеd аway whеn hе was 14, hе makes videоs about оwn еxperiеnce оf mastering nеw skills аnd аnоther vidеоs fоr pеople to keep mоtivаtiоn tо lеarn and try nеw things, bесausе we hаvе оnly onе lifе
'Big Short' investor Michael Burry says governments may 'handicap' bitcoin - and doubts it can disrupt global finance
$4.6B BTC, $7B Market Cap
When we hit $100000 the drinks are on me!.....
Hey
Is this thing for real?
Bitcoin Clear shell, chip, and circuit board concept.
I was bored today so I made a retro themed Bitcoin poster
Anyone know what impact this would have on Bitcoin, if any?
This senior lecturer from the University of Canberra has a brilliant idea /s
Im sorry for ad but i tried this app out a few minutes ago and i like it
Time To Be Careful: Why Traders Are Cautious On Bitcoin Right Now
Cripto
Race For The First Bitcoin ETF In The U.S. Is Heating Up
Where's Igot?
A reminder for everybody about the most important Bitcoin lessons you have to know.
Will Taproot decrease the transaction fees for regular transfers?
I'm new to this.
Every time is see BTC going green!!! #mood
Bitcoin Forecast Today March 4 - 2021 | weekly forex forecast
Running taproot - sick of waiting for core.
Bitcoin price target 🤝 Infinity
What do you think? Will someone bid for this NFT shit? Created it as a joke. But now I am curious
Bloodcoin
Every Bitcoin hater...
Why is the blockchain so secure?
mfw bitcoin fucking dies
Same coin, different value
BITCOIN | Cryptocurrency | Bitcoin
Raoul Pal and Erik Vorhees | Decentralised Exchanges (DEX) The Future Of Crypto
Giving a doctor advice
Giving a Doctor Advive
I can Unlock paxful account
I always wanted to be 1 in a million.
Bitcoin to Reach $100K to $288K in 2021? Stock-to-Flow Models Suggest It Could
Loved this excerpt from The Bitcoin Standard regarding The Cantillion Effect
Hardware wallet
Bitcoin faucets
Even if people trust central banks to maintain the value of money, that's not enough to compete with Bitcoin's hyperdeflationary monetary policy. Stay bullish folks.
Race For The First Bitcoin ETF In The U.S. Is Heating Up
Bitcoin Funds Fuel Near-Record Inflows to Canada ETF Sector
Coinbase code
Is Bitcoin is incapable of supporting Lightning? Am I wrong in my logic here?
Criptomoeda
Criptomoeda
How does a cryptocurrency gain value? 5 things that influence the price - Making Crypto Easy
Elon and Bitcoin
I got SCAMMED! Be careful.
Voyager free $25
5 Leverage Trading Platforms (for Experienced Margin Traders) in 2021
You Might Not Have to Tell the IRS About Your Bitcoin
Due Diligence on Bitcoin
Blockchain money glitched.
Bitcoin UTXO question
Nasdaq-listed logistics firm Sino-Global to accept payment in Bitcoin
Total Newbie question - Daily trading?
Cuttlefish getting ready to hodl and trade crypto
Leaving The Legacy Financial System For Bitcoin With BTC Bap
My app is now accepting BTC donations! Get your name and link of your choice on our donors page! Also, the crypto that’s raises the most will have a lifetime add across our app!
This is the way.
The one who sell under $50k is a chicken! Ever!
Newbies - Always Protect your BTC with a cold wallet
Question about a Website that trades bitcoin using your money
Crypto is nothing more than the first global internet casino - and I can prove it.
Bulliish CNN Clip on BTC 3X by 2022
Voyager best Crypto App!
My free “$5 worth of Bitcoin” new coinbase account incentive is doing great!
Should I go for . 1 btc before investing in alts?
Got My Coldcard Today
[Documentary] When Bitcoin Hit $100: CNBC's 2013 Coverage
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
President of the Central Bank of Iceland calls bitcoin “financial pyramid”
Pulse network on block chain
Why I'm all in on bitcoin
I found it challenging to communicate in Bitcoin denominations, so I created my own (the Hyperbit).
I have the coinomi app and im a noobie
[Documentary] When Bitcoin Hit $100: CNBC's 2013 Coverage
HODL
Orange coin good. Other coins no good.
[USA, AU, UK, CA, GR] Doing a Amazon eGift Card Giveaway! No purchase necessary! Please share with your friends and family!
Vermont Lawyer Warns of Legal Complications Ahead for Cryptocurrency Miners
Noob question. I sold Bitcoin for cash on Coinbase. Does the money go to my bank account?
Bitcoin calls for Dec31st 2021. Gotta love seeing people place them in the mid-6 figures🚀🚀💎 sorry for the shit quality picture
dogecoin: the movie
BTC 51,111
My Bitmain Antminer S9
Fellow apes, make some bots so we can drive this price down so I can get another discount
Dorian S. Nakamoto
Safest way to save private key
A major Chinese bitcoin mining hub is shutting down its cryptocurrency operations
200 bitcoins missing
Has anyone here used open dime version 4 to put short term or store long term or give their Bitcoin to someone else with?
Bitskull !! - Soon on Rarible.
Really pleased to be (almost) running my full Bitcoin node with Umbrel!
IMPORTANT UPDATE ABOUT BITCOIN PRICE!!!!!!!!!!
Why do people say 6btc is a relevant amount of btc again and again?
Need help recovering a seed phrase
How has bitcoin changed you or your life?
Want a 5% discount on bitcoin? Buy GBTC. It has been selling at a discount to NAV for the first time since inception.
When the bot removes a post because too many people are posting. It is the end of days or the beginning of a new world.
How will bitcoin work after all the coins are mined?
What happened?
Actual footage of whales trying to buy my bitcoin
Taxes
Just began with bitcoin. Invested 100
The crypto community.
Writing Style Ties Satoshi Nakamoto to Nick Szabo
Satoshi stickers still available - free!
What caused the Bitcoin crash in 2017?
Shoutout the the people who panic sold @44k!😂😂
Can you use bitcoin from a wallet on market cipher
Bitcoin dev vs other FOSS Dev
How it started How it is going
Ark Invest CEO Cathie Wood Addresses Bitcoin FUD
I’m addicted to crypto so I built my own ticker!
Bitcoin bullish momentum returned after last week’s selloff
This is the newest project of him?
I'm starting to think PoS (Ethereum) might be better than PoW (Bitcoin). Talk me out of it.
Don’t be greedy! 👊
It ain’t bitcoin
Citigroup: Bitcoin Is at a Tipping Point, Could Become Preferred Currency for International Trade
Hmmm
Any body have a good method of strengthening their hands? 💎 🙌
Imagine a Kevin O'Leary vs Schiff Bitcoin debate.
Hey Btcers! I made a Cryptocurrency tracking spreadsheet complete with live crypto price updates, moon math, and a full history of your Portfolio and trading performance (Updated).
A Bitcoin for my Cakeday
Free Bitcoin
Join us over at r/CryptoCurrencyStBets
If anyone has any btc they feel like being generous with, I’d greatly appreciate it!
La Berkshire Hathaway de la Industria Tecnológica
Anybody else showing a zero balance right now?
Selling Bitcoin and trying to buy back in cheaper is like getting off a train and trying to outrun it to the next station.
Crazy new sponsoring on Sebastian Vettel’s new Formula 1 car (Aston Martin, AMR21).
Kevin’s favorite Bitcoin Stock
Is it possible?
Anyone know a good way to buy Bitcoin without a cellphone?
How to trade ? Learning hub free for all
Question about Taproot
Does Taproot affect how public keys are generated, or will it change just the signatures?
Truth behind the Citi bank report?
Hodling, straight from the pages of my tax textbook
Got my first hardware wallet (gotta stay safe) and loaded it with BTC :)
bitcenter.me|BitcoinExchange|BitcoinPrice
Bitcoin ASMR. Definitely watch her for the ASMR.
Lost bitcoin
I made a Cryptocurrency tracking spreadsheet complete with live crypto price updates, moon math, and a full history of your Portfolio and trading performance (Updated).
buying bitcoin in US dollars cash in Buenos Aires
Kentucky Lawmakers Approve Bitcoin Miner Incentive Bill
Random meme.
Bitcoin to Monero
Struggles to stay focused due to ₿
Kentucky Lawmakers Approve Bitcoin Miner Incentive Bill
How will Bitcoin wealth get distributed to the poor? How does everyone on this planet benefit from the Bitcoin network?
Seed Phrase Storage Idea
Lady In Red - NFT
Just Got my first hardware wallet and loaded it with BTC :)
Love the bulls
Daily Bitcoin News March 2nd, 2021
When do you think we will start going by Satoshis?
Who's using their Bitcoin as collateral to buy more bitcoin?
Binance is a SCAM verified! Hear my story
What public companies have a 10Q or 10K that will be published in March?
When I decide to buy more bitcoin.
Fearing Governments Try To Ban Bitcoin in the Future? Here Are 5 Reasons Why It Won’t Happen
Bank username/password required to link on Voyager exchange
Il motivo principale per cui le persone hanno difficoltà finanziarie è perché hanno trascorso anni a scuola ma non hanno imparato nulla sui soldi. Il risultato è che le persone imparano a lavorare per soldi ... ma non imparano mai a far lavorare i soldi per loro. Fai clic sul collegamento, ti pro
Beware of LVL Bank
Slow Transfer?(Obviously I’m new to this)
Confused about Kraken , XBT but no BTC ?
Former leaders of The Geek Group in Grand Rapids indicted for unregistered Bitcoin trade
Tales from the Crypt: #233: Raising money in 2020, hashrate derivative products, why no hashrate growth?, and off-grid mining with Nick Hansen
I’ve seen numerous posts from people w/ multiple btc... how rare is a whole coiner?
Donating to offset taxes
Recompensa en litecoin a quien lo descifre
What is the Bitcoin community answer to the risks of "selfish mining"
This Is Who Controls Bitcoin price
Recompensa en litecoin a quien descifre este video.
Considering putting half my coin into block-fi
How do I get my BTC? (old firmware nano S)
Recompensa en Litecoin a quien descifre este acertijo.
Investing in Crypto...with Stocks?! You NEED these on your watchlist!! 🚀🤓
How will Quantum computing affect Bitcoin?
Hi there i was update my coinbase wallet and my XRP coins not too much 65$ disappeared..anyone knows about something similar?thank you
Question about a BTC exchange site
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, March 03, 2021
Biden’s SEC Chair Pick Gary Gensler Reveals Policies on Bitcoin and Crypto Regulation
Voltage Brings Turnkey BTCPay Server To Users Cloud-Based Bitcoin Infrastructure
Talking about Bitcoin and Gamestop on a podcast tonight at 7pm UK time
Help? 🙃
PayPal
NFT Overtakes Litecoin, Bitcoin Cash, and XRP on Google
END DAY
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily. I don't usually promote anything but I love this browser.
26[F4M] looking for fun in California
Buy Time
Ready for takeoff
Bitcoin Australia Query
Midasmarkets.com scam?
Ok, I’ll be the one to ask? What’s up with the ship?
Free bitcoin. Take it fast
Bitcoin Exchange, Trading more than 100+ cryptocurrencies on the exchange Letbybit
Blockchain e saúde
So...how long until we see one of these companies with Bitcoin on their balance sheet make an acquisition with Bitcoin? As the stock market falls, prices get cheaper and cheaper.
So...how long until we see one of these companies with Bitcoin on their balance sheet make an acquisition with Bitcoin? As the stock market falls, prices get cheaper and cheaper.
Its time to buy more bitcoins!
Powell Confirms Fed to Maintain Easy-Money Policies
Khan Academy has a lot of videos on Bitcoin!
ATM Bitcoin
May I offer you a dick sandwich during these trying times?
POWELL COMMENTS ON BITCOIN 💎👐💎🚀🚀🚀
You can Get Free Amazon Gift Card
Ummm Peter Schiff your arguments are invalid.....
I have had fun with CryptoTab browser. You get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily. I have enjoyed it and make a few bucks each day. Give it a try and see what you think :-)
Bitcoin and Ether Whales Prepare for Market Rally as Altcoins Outperform Top Cryptos
New to crypto
stocks vs BTC
[HELP] Blockchain wallet - 3 confirmations but bitcoin is not posted to my wallet. What's going on?
Just a friendly reminder
The explanation of how bitcoin grows
Gold vs Bitcoin? What you need to know about these two very different asset classes
Interesting analysis Cathie Wood Ark Investment on Bitcoin and stock market..crypto discussion starts around 16 minutes in
Ultimate Hodl?
[Proposal] Lets create subreddit lounges for people who can cryptographically prove they own some BTC.
Stacks - Smart Contract capability to Bitcoin - Earn BTC by stacking
Analyzing Potential Short Term Price Targets via Recurring Bull Flag
when this red market will end?
Updated daily chart analysis for BTC. The wedge is closing and I added both trend lines to show a respective path bitcoin could take.
Bitcoin Destined to Be the World's Currency, Value to Reach 'Infinity,' Crypto Trader Claims
people think we're a cult...
Why bitcoin could triple over next year
Helpful Infographic For @PeterSchiff
Virtual debit card purchase
An open invitation for Janet Yellen to suck my dick
Bitcoin Explained - from a friend
Best exchange for instant crypto withdraws ?
Sick of the volatility narrative
Why is blockchain applicable to almost all industries (i.e banking, real estate, healthcare, FnB) ?
Is there an “Acorns” type checking account round up that buys Bitcoin instead of crappy funds?
Just raised my first emergency fund and it will be BTC.
maybe a stupid question
30k EUR to invest. Should I dollar cost average this in, or just all at once.
Gee!
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Will crypto ever become less volatile?
Buy a Bitcoin, analysts say Elon Musk is more profitable than selling an electric car!
Bitcoin is going on a landslide
Moar
Mark Cuban Argues Bitcoin Is Better Than Gold, Telling Peter Schiff ‘Gold Is Dead, Move on’
We accept bitcoin now 😊 🥰
Motley Fool. Discover why “Phase 2” could ignite 630X growth by 2030!
Make free Bitcoin
Blockchain saúde
iTrustCapital implements Curv Air Gap Cold in their Bitcoin IRA
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.03.01
Bulls wanna go to the moon, Bears wanna go to the hell
All true hodlers
TRADEVI.UK 2021
Y’all can ask me anything you wanna know about trading
German public service television podcast: What if there would be only Bitcoin and no more fiat and banks?!
Cryptocurrency ban to be made explicit; Govt to introduce Bill soon - The Financial Express
Should I go to college or work full time and buy Bitcoin. I want to have a healthy financial future. All advice welcome!
Why is the price of BTC always 150-$200 more from the time you click “trade”-&gt; “buy”. Even in instances where the price actually dropped by the time you purchased coinbase always charges more.
Never settle for less time gives great opportunity to everyone📧📨📉💷💵
I just released a bitcoin NFT collectible card, its 1/1 and is part of a 10 crypto card set!
I’m a millionaire!!!
It’s an addiction...
The Evidence Is in on Negative Interest Rate Policies
Bitcoin and forex free pdf
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
ViaBTC miners.
If you have $100k of bitcoin and use it as collateral for a $50k loan, what happens if the price of bitcoin rises (or falls) by $50k?
and then the guy said, just because something appreciates in value, doesn’t make it the base value holder for the entire future of world commerce....
Bitcoin Magazine Happy Hour LIVE NOW
Getting into bitcoin
Anyone heard of Fulmo.org / Fulmo Shop?? Is it a scam?
(Chinese Marketing)English to Chinese Translation Service
Just ressurected my old computer from 09, what am I looking for?
r/Bitcoin
Anyone have some examples of a fair launch and coin distribution? Bitcoin started it all but has any project in crypto come close to that type of fair start up?
Introducing CryptoTracker!
Use case for ETH related to bitcoin?
Bitcoin
can someone load up my old bitcoin wallet on my pc remotely
This should be the standard answer anytime someone talks about "the staggering amount of electricity" the Bitcoin network uses.
No stopping the doge movement
You Can Easily Scam Gift Cards on Paxful.com it is Encouraged!
To all Americans out there
I trust Jerome Powel like i trust this guy! Not very much..
Pi coin, New in Developmental stage 2, able to be mined on a phone app for free!
r/Bitcoin RSS Feed Plus Several Aggregated Crypto News Headline Sources...
Come join my mining team crypto squad more info message me
How Bitcoin Alleviates Human Suffering With Nozomi Hayase
Michel Foucault And The Misdiagnosis Of Bitcoin
The Bitcoin Miner 21
"easy" alt coin that can be mined with a regular computer? not for profit
Bitcoin mining browser
Hodling
Bitcoin for Investors in 3 Ways
Who Bought Over 12k Bitcoin On Coinbase?
Bitcoin pump it up
Just wanna start
coinbase to coinbase pro
Grayscale GBTC &amp; ETHE negative premium
Shots Fired From the Queen of Investing
Cryptocurrency Regulation Debate Team Bill
Any thoughts on the bearish SPX chart in relation to the Bitcoin price?
Btc available
Buybit
Crypto.com
Bitcoin and Robinhood will harm the poorest, says economist Nouriel Roubini
Paying 10 Bitcoin for Sushi in 2013 (Now worths 500.000 USD)
Each $1 of Bitcoin value created was responsible for $0.49 in health and climate damages in the US and $0.37 in China.
How long before before shareholders of higher dividend yielding stocks start overwhelmingly prefer for their dividends to be paid in BTC ?
Should I Buy Bitcoin Now? [2021 UPDATE]
Buying Bitcoin
Bitcoin Sets New Highs with a $1 Trillion Market Cap
Kings of Leon Will Be the First Band to Release an Album as an NFT
I’m all in on Bitcoin, my income will rise from 25k to 100k in 1 year and I’m going to buy as much BTC as I possibly can.
190 Bitcoins stolen via manipulated BitcoinCore Client
Buying a hardware wallet through Trezor reseller
Bloomberg Chief Analyst Says Bitcoin Could “March To $100,000” From Here
Dogecoin Adoption Rises: Bitpay Lets Merchants Accept DOGE, Coinflip’s 1,800 ATMs Now List the Crypto
Progressive Congressman Ro Khanna is on board!
“Buy Bitcoin” Hoodies 🚀🚀
I Hope That Date You Paid For With Bitcoin in 2013 Was Worth It.
DON'T SPEND YOUR BITCOIN ON CONSUMER GOODS!
Anyone else feel like they’re rooting for the price to go down?
She is waiting 4 the next run. 🏄‍♀️
Come ob jion
Separate LAN Network for ASIC Miners?
Decentralized? Really? Or we are on a way to the biggest scam in the history?
Blockchain Assistant
Michel Foucault And The Misdiagnosis Of Bitcoin
How easy would it be to break this?
Show Reddit: SpaceX shares tokenized as a pre-IPO Defi Token
Crypto-Coin Mining Simulator | Play Games &amp; Make Money!
RSI and MACD analysis
I don't know why I've never thought about yearly candles, but this is quite beautiful
Crypto-Coin Mining Simulator | Play Games &amp; Make Money!
How To Find The Best Stocks RESEARCH AND LEARN THE RIGHT WAY
Whistleblower names Shawn Bridges in numerous crimes beyond Silk Road and laundering the proceeds through Bitcoin.
Just moved to a new area and what do i find at my new local convenience store? I think I'm gonna like it here
Is Anyone in South Florida that knows of an in person group. I want Bitcoin friends.
Crypto-Coin Mining Simulator | Play Games &amp; Make Money!
Um.. to the moon?
Btc update for March 4
Show Reddit: SpaceX shares tokenized as a pre-IPO Defi Token
Crypto-Coin Mining Simulator | Play Games &amp; Make Money!
Bitcoin will have biggest drop since 2019
#DOGE is going to the LITERAL MOON? #TimDraper says #Netflix will buy #Bitcoin, and more!
CryptoTab Browser is the world’s first web browser with built-in mining features. Familiar Chrome user interface is perfectly combined with extremely fast mining speed. Mine and browse at the same time!
Is this really decentralized? It seems like 4 people could do what they want with the BTC network. So ~900 trillion USD is in the hand of 4 people? Where am I wrong? (source: https://btc.com/stats/pool?pool_mode=day)
Crypto-Coin Mining Simulator | Play Games &amp; Make Money!
How Robinhood Platform made me lose $100K
This is the only bubble I see.
CRYPTOTAB MINING POOL
Did Satoshi ever use BitCoin spelling?
Few tidbits to hopefully help newer and younger investors
Crypto-Coin Mining Simulator | Play Games &amp; Make Money!
Best excuses you’ve heard?
The Bitcoin Bubble Myth
does anyone know the bitcoin/whooky conversion rate?
Market is crazy today but keep in mind that another COVID relief bill is coming ($1.9T) and another $1-$2T of Treasury reserves are about to be released into the banking system... Zoltan Pozsar is saying negative rates could be here fairly soon. Just keep swimming. Stack sats.
Stocks tumble as Powell signals inflation is ahead. Here we go boys!
Queen Cathie was Right
Mode Crypto - £20 in BTC for buying £100 (instant reward/withdrawal) (Android &amp; iOS)
Safe way to access and close non-US Binance account as a US user?
It's dip day, bulls.
With Bitcoin-To-Bank Sandbox, Colombia Will Become BTC Haven
200 btc
Cuban Goes Dogecoin, Bitcoin's USD 100K Signal, Ripple's CBDC Plan + More news
Think Bitcoin isn't money? Max Kesier thinks otherwise. Here's why (2-minute audio clip)
BOMBS AWAY 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
How common are offline wallets?
Huge Negative Premium on Grayscale GBTC and ETHE Today
Multiple Lazer Styles added to the BTC LaserEyes Generator I made last week!!! Enjoy :)
I SOLD MY BITCOIN FOR FIAT, MADE A FORTUNE!
Send me some love
Bitcoin ATH Velocity comparison post HALVING since 2011.
I used to dream that I found a big treasure chest full of gold hidden by pirates, now I dream of finding a trezor with a seed phrase in a bottle....abandonded by a certain mr Nakamoto. I think it's official now: bitcoin is the new gold!
Bullish or Bearish?
Thinking about stopping buying bitcoin
Better Call Saul Explains Bitcoin
What applications of Schnorr can I expect?
Bitcoin Coasters are classy AF.
https://cryptotabbrowser.com/20543298 do you wanna get free btc out of your cpu here you go
Does anybody know whats going on with gbtc ?
Why BTC?
How will Quantum computing affect Bitcoin?
Thai Financial Regulator Claims Controversial Crypto Rule Proposal Was Just to Gauge Public Opinion
"I literally feel like me selling that bitcoin was the stupidest mistake of my life, and I have a tattoo on my forearm of Catholic scripture"
Every day I see another article on how bad bitcoin is for the environment, and it's honestly the most hypocrital bullshit I've ever seen.
bond up bitcoin down?
Non kyc purchases
You get the picture?
is it recommended to trade bitcoin from one's phone?
Now is the time!!!!
The idea that Netflix is ​​investing in Bitcoin has caused tension and may start a second bull run
Question about the transfer fee an exchange pays.
Bitcoin expectation
Paxful Account banned for 3 years.
Best time to buy?
$1000 to DCA in now, tips on this approach?
Binance
Lightning arrived on Okcoin
With Bitcoin-To-Bank Sandbox, Colombia Will Become BTC Haven
4000 BTC wallet.dat
OKCoin ⚡️ Lightning has now arrived at OKCoin, providing up to 99% lower fees and instant transactions
FREE AMAZON GIFT CARD
IN NEXT WEEK
transferring from online casinos
Why bigger blocks are not the solution for scaling Bitcoin
What is the principled argument against "Bitcoin is inefficient" or "Bitcoin is a waste of energy"?
Do large scale buyers (institutions) have the ability to negotiate with cold storage miners (owners) and make transactions off the exchanges?
Onwards to civilization type 1
How to Recover Missing or stolen Bitcoins
Why are you selling?!?!
How I Know People Don't Actually Understand Bitcoin Yet and it's Early
blockfi and other bitcoin lenders use your bitcoin for institutional grade shorting,here is elon musks take on short sellers (2021) starts at about 42 mins
Decided to make plans for a good life purchased 30% value of a BTC for the cost of £200 a month
Bitcoin Price Manipulation
Coin Citadel (CCTL) on Twitter
S8 E2: Charles Guillemet on Ledger (Exclusive announcement about multisig support)
Why did Bitcoin fall from it's peak at 58k? And how to relax...
People say Bitcoin is volatile. Maybe is time to say the same about Gold.
😎
Someone please explain this glitch to me ?
I get this message when i start miner. This miner was working fine then yesterday stop mining. Then when i try to start it this message comes up and nothing else happens. I have removed and reinstalled miner but it dis not help. Can anyone help me with this?
Boating Demolition Derby
The Tales of Walmart’s Finance Debut Are Greatly Exaggerated
Taproot: Chainalysis Killer?
Brute force
Tips for taking profits for bitcoin noobs
New to Bitcoin?
Bitcoin Payment on my website
How Becoming a Bitcoiner Made Me a Better Person on 3 Essential Traits
Bitcoin Microstrategy Play
Q/. What Does the date 20th Feb 2021 and this 1Kg Bar of Gold have in common?. A/. $ Value Parity for 1 Bitcoin/1Kg Pure Gold both equivalent of around $55000. Pretty amazing really. How heavy will the Bar get this cycle?......
Life of a Day Trader
We imagine
This is SO stressful. PLEASE HELP.
Mania in First Bitcoin ETF Cools in Canada After Robust Debut
Bitcoin vs eth ?
Can anyone help me recover my coins
Register For Your FREE Training
German podcast by Tagesschau(ARD)
elon musk explains short selling (2021) starts at about 42 mins
Questions about crypto.com and btc price on exchanges:
MOOC 15, Session 5, Thursday 4 Mar with Andreas M. Antonopoulos
Bitcoin Network Status Update Thursday, March 04, 2021
I created an account with CEX.io and I can't withdraw my coins to my wallet
A Group of Crypto Proponents Burned an Original Banksy ‘Morons’ Print and Turned It Into an NFT
TO THE MOON [Ep02] with Max Keiser &amp; Stacy Herbert: THE OG YEARS
It's my birthday and my girlfriend showed up with this, everybody take a piece !
Dollar Cost Average - Yes or No
The Bitcoin Standard - Saifedean Ammous
A great tool showing the benefit for Dollar Cost Averaging. (A $50 weekly investing from 01/01/14 is worth $1,095,00 today. Total investment, just $18,300)
MATT ODELL, James O'Beirne &amp; EVAN KALOUDIS on Taproot, Lot = ? &amp; Luke Dashjr's Letter - March 2 2021
For quick and easy crypto mining on your phone try this app
Chamath Palihapitiya was talking about bitcoin when it was worth $135
http://blockstreammine.com
Bitcoin is too hard to use and will never be adopted by the masses, just like email.
FREE BITCOIN WITH AN APP! Easy to use, no scam!
Is there a way to receive money in bitcoins on your website?
Iran officially plans to adopt Bitcoin mining to bypass international sanctions
What app do you use to invest in Bitcoin and why? I am seeing all kinds of different information regarding options. Coinbase, Robinhood, Etoro, CoinMama. Looking to invest and I am not sure which direction I should go?
J. Powell Thinks Bitcoin Will "Go To Infinity" &amp; "Buy Planets With Bitcoin
Amazon going to crypto
Bitcoin and the new Quantum Financial system
Question about Taproot
My coins disappeared
New to Bitcoin
Finally mined 0.001 BTC
bitcoin selling
If bitcoin cover the world
Trading Prepaid Visa Giftcard for BTC
Doses Coinbase and Coinbase pro have the same bitcoin withdrawal fee?
OKCoin Provides Grant To Lightning Developer Antoine Riard
My coins disappeared from my Trezor One Wallet
You Can t Get free amazon gift card
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Why I like BAT as a coin....
Retail IS HERE
Bitcoin subreddit banner is too bright
Long tail distribution is a bitcoin design decision
This guy again ...
I have created a step by step guide for the people who are new to Bitcoin and the market in general on how to buy with the lowest possible fees.
BTC roars $50,300 at 9:30am as GBTC does what it does and heads south from $46 to $42.....
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Bitcoin Art is my favourite type of Art!
Delayed Blockchain Processing
A Blockchain ETF to make some fat stacks!! BLOK
END DAY
Bitcoin has saved me money
Polkadot’s Gavin Wood to Give Lecture Series as Part of UC Berkeley Blockchain Curriculum
IOST Partners With Polkadot for Cross-Chain Interoperability Breakthrough
Am I the only one who can't buy Crypto on Blockchain.com
HODLING 1 BTC @ $50k = $100k+ a year for life including this year.
Bitcoin: British business becomes one of the first to accept cryptocurrency in new move
Largest Movie Theater Chain in Thailand starts accepting Bitcoin
I'm all in bitcoin, yoloed over 100k in Bitcoin four months ago, earn over 100k a year
Bitcoin amasses endorsements to hit $1M despite its recent slump - Morning Tick
"There is no top to Bitcoin because there is no bottom for fiat money."
Bear vs Bull Art. Should I NFT?
This is the newest project of him?
I am All In (One Way)
Thanks to the true heroes/ legends - The Bitcoin Dev's!
$200 Free Amazon gift card offer for USA,UK,Canada,Germany,Australia only To get this offer click to the link and signup
Thanks to the true heroes and legends - The Bitcoin Dev's that work in and maintain code everyday!
Blockchain e saúde
Any info on using Coinhako?
Mina has been audited by Gauntlet
What happens to bitcoin if major governments ban it?
Don't tell me that you don't already know what will happen in the futur
Bitcoin, Ethereum Moved Lower, XRP In Green
India Banning CryptoCurrency.
Slush Pool closing inactive accounts, claiming unpaid rewards
Mine from your phone
Mine from your phone
Kentucky Pushes Mining Tax-Breaks in Bid to Attract Crypto Community
need review of Atomic wallet
Mining ⛏️ worth it?
Bitcoin - Money Double in 21 Days!
Is there a way to send BTC without fees?
Bitcoin faucet for sell 75satoshi an hour silver level
Reminder: Never look at your Bitcoin transaction history!
Reminder: Never look at your Bitcoin transaction history!
Advantages Of Using Bitcoin Cash: 888-833-6836
stock market weenies
teamHODL - Crypto Queen (feat. Kaila Love)
i need some help with blockchain
ANY MONEYMAN THERE?
Anthony Pomp breaks down how Bitcoin makes it to $1 Million per coin
The uncomfortable truth: The media is not here to coddle and market Bitcoin for us.
This is why bitcoin is a better investment than gold, 25T is more than wice the total market cap of gold today
Free rapid mining and earning BTC
PSA: “Never look at your Bitcoin transaction history”
Bitcoin's short-term outlook may depend on changes in these factors
PSA: “Never look at your Bitcoin transaction history”
Properties of Money
Need help choosing wallet,
Live Bitcoin Customer Care Number: 888-660-1359
Bitcoin and Buying Things
Crypto Tax Compliance Startup Taxbit Raises $100 Million, Targets International Expansion
Bitcoin Supremacy.
Just Sold To Help With Our House Deposit
When are they going to learn... not your keys, not your coins: "U.S. blocked Myanmar junta attempt to empty $1 billion New York Fed account ".
Just want to say THANK YOU everyone!🎢 🙌
What is preventing a new-better Bitcoin to show up and most money moving there in a short period of time, bridging btc to zero?
Wealth managers frustrated over bitcoin, anxious for piece of the action
Insight needed:
Great site to get free bitcoin
Bitcoin prize Writing Jam called "Future Money"
"Cash is a liability not an asset." - Michael Saylor
**Shakepay SATS and Referral Link***
'How much' makes it worth using BlockFi?
Bitcoin stuck in transaction for over 25 days
New to bitcoin. is it safer to keep my btc on a exchange or should i buy a ledger?
Bitcoin Audible: Read_503 - Bitcoin is Time [DerGigi]
It's been a week and my BTC I sent from CashApp to CoinEX still hasn't shown up
What Traditional Investors Think of Bitcoin with Raoul Pal — What Bitcoin Did
The Pi cycle Indicator (Powerful indicator that accurately predicted every top) is signaling a potential Bull cycle top in the coming days
Me right now :
Goldman Sachs Crypto Survey Shows 22% of Investors expect $100,000+ Bitcoin Price IN THE NEXT YEAR
Trezor One!
Your funds at Bitso are now insured: Bitso becomes the first exchange in Latin America to secure users cryptos
Just want to say THANK YOU everyone!🎢 🙌
EARN Bitcoin in your Wallet
My 2021 Bitcoin price predictions. Agree or disagree?
Safebet365.com let’s go Tom Brady!!!
Daily Discussion, March 05, 2021
The Many Facts Pointing to Cypherpunk Len Sassaman Being Satoshi Nakamoto
Stonks had me scared but I held my own!
Apparently a massive gold deposit has been found. Anyone have info and how it could benefit BTC?
Bitcoin News Today: Jerome Powell on Inflation, CEO of Binance CZ &amp; Bitcoin Mining in Depth on Bloomberg - Mar 4 2021
END DAY
END DAY
Help me buy 1 more Bitcoin
Who is paying people to mine? (Where does the money come from)
Be part of the biggest #Crypto event of the year.
The only reason to want Bitcoin to fall
I need a advice.
Can etc be considered digital silver. Since it’s code is the original as bitcoins?
What do you think about physical Bitcoin Tokens?
Helicopter Money
Marketplace e Covid
Sold Bitcoin? 3 Things You Should Know Before You File Taxes
Please read the Bitcoin Whitepaper
Bitcoin from Binance to Exodus
I think it's safe to say that this author is bullish on Bitcoin
all im saying
Coinbase difference
My Bitcoin into house now
Reached $50,000+ Again...
8 Years ago I tried some mining then stopped. I just found my Slushpool account with some bitcoin still in it. How do I retrieve it?
What would you do with $10k? Would you split it amongst some alts, or go into btc?
Alt season pending...
How explain parent that bitcoin is not a scam?
Found my first wild BTC atm
I bought BTC and Ethereum on the Blockchain app. It said that both of the purchases are confirmed, whoever, I did not receive any of them and no transaction are showing up. It’s been like 20 days and I’m starting to get worried.
Can anyone explain why the bull market for btc ever has to end? Not euphoria, just new.
Noob Question: Is $BTC infinitely divisible?
Venezuela update, weekly traded amount keeps going down. Only 80 BTC were traded last week only using LocalBitcoin (Down from 83), that is 7,162,000,000,000 Bs. (Bolivares, local currency). One BTC is around 92,000,000,000 Bs.
Bitcoin mine that works good on a phone give it a try
I wonder if I can get 1k upvotes by saying the word giggleberries on this subreddit?
Key-Loss protection
Michael Saylor On the Next Big Investors Ready To Buy Bitcoin !
Bill Gates Recently Stated That “Bitcoin Is Bad”. What Is Your Opinion On This Topic?
I hope this hasn’t been posted but I’m curious what people think about it.
If he can, we can. HODL
I sent these 3 orders and I'm sure there are btonscam me. Arentbrherew completed?
#1 FUD Out there is government ban. This has many good points why that isn’t in their best interest. What Governments Should Do in the Coming Global Monetary Competition
Recover lost founds community
Bitcoin holding. 0.034
Liquidation help
Selling Bitcoin and taxes (USA)
We are all #Stachi
We should found bitcoin-parties and take seats in our national parliaments to advocate bitcoin adoption and to oppose undemocratic financial markets
COVID relief checks
Watching Bitnodes.io and I don't see any Bitcoin nodes in the entire continent of Africa outside of a few nodes in South Africa. Why is that?
how did the og investors buy bitcoin
George Ball Says Crypto Is Effective Hedge Against Currency Debasement as US Passes $1.9 Trillion Stimulus Bill
Leonardo da Vinci's Salvator Mundi,sold for $450.3 million now NFT digital crypto art is sell for $786.3millionUSD hastaken the throne theworldsmost expensive artGalaxyCryptocurrencyBoy
"Bitcoin will become a settlement currency for large institutions"... What does this mean?
Bitcoin created by InQTel?
If Bitcoin hits $0 I will Personally be buying every Bitcoin
What's beyond: Satoshi's 21 Million Mystery
Be smart, keep them high and dry.
Question About Bitcoin
Cineplex in Thailand, the largest movie theater chain accepts Bitcoin
Earn Bitcoin by simply traveling
This Is Why 'Hedge Against Inflation', Bitcoin, Dropped On Inflation Fears
Who’s with me?
Exchange platforms
I sold
(For newcomers) Why every investor should have a 1% #Bitcoin allocation
Marketplace e Covid
Do most btc owners also own ethereum?
Someone in r/personalfinance was asking how to best protect a 50k house down payment for 6 years. I suggested Bitcoin - and my comment is now 'under review".
Tax question (if anyone knows)
I need the moon-astronaut meme, when a guy says “wait it’s a bull market?” and the guy with the gun says “always has been”
What does WIF stand for?
Paraguay protesters mention: "Understand Bitcoin". The word is spreading...
Before everyone that uses Coinbase loses their minds...
Super serious question from average Joe schmoe
WITHDRAW / SHARE FROM UNSPENT BITCOIN IN BASE58 (P2PKH) FORMAT
Gary Gensler, New SEC Chair, Teaches Bitcoin, Blockchain &amp; BTC Pizza Day at MIT in September 2018
is bitcoin is a bubble?
HOME - Bitcoin Mining Cloud is Bitokenvaults the best all-in-one platformBitokenvaults
Bitcoin’s Stock Performance chart made into Van Gogh’s Starry Night.
BTC ftw
Where to buy wallets
Btc/Eth Mining Stock Question/Opinions?
looing to spend a lot of money in bit coin (1mil). but don't want to pay fees. and want to eep it as secure as possible.
What if we don't have a normal bitcoin cycle?
In the end, I decided against NFTing my painting. Link for highest res (4420x3673px) in first comment, for you all to use as you see fit. Thanks again for the incredible support
Hey, Few hours ago i got scammed by 250€. I Was trying to buy btc, after He recived the money He send me this. I dont know how to explain this to my mom
Chinese tech company Meitu has announced that they have purchased $40M worth of crypto including 380 BTC ($17.9M) and 15,000 ETH ($22.1M) www.corp-static.meitu.com
BTC Transaction Records
How bitcoin works
Daily Bitcoin News March 6th, 2021
Bitcoin to the moon
Questions? Concerns?
BTC and DeFi Retirement article
I cant talk about Bitcoin with the family.
Gift
Are we up for another big dump before we start going back up again for reals? Same cycle?
Buy 100 Btc face to face
I'm all in...
GBTC trading at 20% discount to the BTC they hold!
Is it stupid to buy bitcoins today? Should i wait some months until the spike drops?
How do I download the aes.json file?
Hardware wallet choose
Order top pharmacy products and top quality buds and oil.
Chinese tech company Meitu has announced a massive purchase of 380 BTC
I found a tweet where I predicted the high and low of bitcoin's price in 2020 AMA
Small investment for the future
This Ryan Reynolds commercial - Bitcoin DocuMintary (Hilarious!)
Hardware wallets!
Facts
Free online jop bee.com no momey need just press mining everyday about 24hours than press it again ez jop now the its 100milon when it reach 1 billon it will have a price for example 20 bee.com=4$
RECLAIMING ETH FROM BINANCE CHAIN
SHA-256
Bought some bitcoin. I know not a lot but thats all i got.
1.5% unlimited back in Bitcoin visa credit card through BlockFi
No crypto ban in India: Finance Minister predicts “very calibrated” stance
Taxes
Dump
Teen Millionaire Again?!
New youtube channel :) please subscribe if you like new video to come soon!
Which of these coins to purchase ? Newish to crypto
kraken deleted my brand new account and refuses to give explanation?
Can i send btc from segwit to native segwit address and vice versa
END DAY
Cool way to hide your ledger
Trending 5 Minute Online Marketing Good Home Base Business
Should I buy Ethereum?
Is there a better trading platform at US?
More enlightening to beginners safety in bitcoin market.
question
Goldman bullish now
Trying to learn
Let's ride the high
$10 dollar in bitcoin!!!
NFT further proving Bitcoin's worth
Peace of mind. Finally got a cold wallet.
Donating Some Bitcoin
Atomic Swap Bitcoin Monero
Selling off all bitcoin
Voyager LOST my BTC and/or USD. Need any and all guidance
Bitcoin has improved my job performance
Everybody buying bitcoin with Fiat are idiots.
Helping my mom and my sister to get out from Venezuela has been really stressful and emotionally draining, but I am finally seeing the light at the end of the tunnel :)
Sell walls
Bitcoin broke major resistance today and officially broke out of its bearish triangle. Get Ready for the next leg up to new ATHs 💎
Securing
Pi crypto currency invite
Regarding the Possible PhoenixMiner Compromise
BTC marketcap is back above 1 Trillion USD
Bitcoin’s 2021 Returns Destroy Everything on Wall Street
Investing!?
What is microstrategy doing with BTC?
Fed stops publishing M2 money circulation - imagine not knowing the circulating supply of BTC.
Miners Returning to S Korea, Where Crypto Is ‘Essential’ for 20-30s
STONKS!! CONTINUE BOIS!!!!!!!!
Blockchain em 2021
Privacy on Bitcoin via MimbleWimble &amp; Litecoin?
I swear, the Bitcoin chart is far better than TV sometimes. Beautiful!
Where did my money go???
BTC to 40K....
BTC for GBP (cash) in London
Can someone explain to me how pumping the economy with money that doesn’t exist WONT hurt Bitcoin ?
My investing strategy since about January 1st, 2021 (when I started investing).
Test if its Legit.
South Korean Crypto Transactions Command an Average of $7 Billion per Day on Domestic Exchanges
Don't you know Pump It Up....
Bitcoin is bouta break out
Trezor passphrase
Problems with CEX.io
Cathie Wood sees bitcoin joining stocks and bonds as part of the classic balanced portfolio
Pi coin
The Giving Block
Pi coin
Bitcoin
BTC Mining algorithm
Minimum BTC purchase
Libertyx verification code not showing up
Why Bitcoin is a better idea than the US Dollar, explained.
Help with BTC?
What Do Schnorr Signatures Do for Bitcoin?
Can you mine Bitcoin as a minor
Feels like it's time for a new wallpaper: Bitcoin Rising
Btc is almost 54k, are we going to ThEE MoOooN?
Installez le navigateur CryptoTab et commencez à gagner de l'argent supplémentaire pour l'utiliser. Tant que vous regardez YouTube, lisez des nouvelles et utilisez les réseaux sociaux exactement comme vous le faites quotidiennement, vous obtenez de vrais Bitcoins.
Planning to put another 70$ in bitcoin.
This is some of the most IMPORTANT NEWS you will read this week on what is coming next for Bitcoin: GLASSNODE The Week On-chain (Week 10, 2021) It is happening.
"Bitcoin is going to get crushed when the tech bubble bursts."
No more shit memez
Bitcoin is going to get crushed when the tech bubble bursts...
inverst
Smart contracts with Bitcoin?
Hi does anybody know a good online bitcoin wallet that allows you to change your deposit address?
Can any one make a small transfer of Bitcoin for me?
Have we been over $1 Trillion yet?
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Fund Manager Bashes Bitcoin: An Extreme Form of Libertarian Anarchism
Is a falling bitcoin dominance a good indicator of a coming crash?
Ron Burgundy approved!
Norwegian Oil Giant Aker Makes Long Play for Bitcoin
Michael Saylor Mindblown: How long does it take to put 1 billion USD into Bitcoin??
Time to sell and buy the dip
Pi π
shorting bitcoin?
Evening pumps
Bitcoin is love.
Bodog
Bitcoin is now at 10% of Gold's market cap, 51% of Apple's, and 66% of Silver's - FLIP SOON!
Baccarat 100% winning strategy ; Circle of 52 magic
What's the point of other blockchains?
Checkout Newton. Earn $25 CAD when you sign up with this link and trade over $100 CAD of Cryptocurrency:
Watch "How to delete your facebook account @Nas Rothschild" on YouTube https://youtu.be/w5-4gQ3idSg
🚀 🚀 🌙 🕰
Friendly Reminder
A made a Bitcoin tracking spreadsheet with live crypto price updates, moon math, and a history of your Portfolio and trading performance. Updated Version (12)
Explainer: Bitcoin on Your Balance Sheet? Here's What You Need to Know
Hardware Wallets
Publicly Listed Maker of Billion-User Chinese App Meitu Buys $40 Million of Bitcoin and Ether for Its Treasury
Norwegian Billionaire's Shareholder Letter Is The Year’s Most Bullish Bitcoin Article
Literally waiting last minute to pay rent, credit card, bills etc while waiting for btc to rise to maximize gains
Got myself a trinket from BitPay
1 Bitcoin just helped me put 50k down on my first home.
Swing Trading Bitcoin Related Tikers (Mara/Riot/SOS)
تابع
Did Bitcoin just get rejected again at 52.8k?? What are your thoughts. Only analysts and experts please.
Where do people store their bitcoin recovery phrase
Investing through cashapp?
Mining Bitcoin help
Really reddit?
Wonderful and easy way to generate crypto awhile you surf the web. It runs faster than chrome and firefox so it's a win win for me. They do have an extension for chrome if you don't wanna switch. Hope you guys like it, have a good day 🙃
Bringing Bitcoin to the Next Billion People - Lightning Labs
Help
Recovering Bitcoins from a 2010 hard drive
Is everyone use passphrases on trezor wallet or not?
Does Bitcoin need new major enhancements and features or should it just be left the way it is today for the foreseeable future?
Will bitcoin will break to $60,000 by friday ?
Bitcoin Best Crypto Ever? What are Some Good Payment Processors?
The first thing ever bought with bitcoin, this pizza, sold for what is now $500M USD of Bitcoin (10,000).
Will BTC break $52, 650 psychological barrier?
IRS 1040 - question about "Virtual Currency"
Financial Advice from the Homeless.
Trezor advice
Is there any real use for bitcoin as a crypto currency?
Blockchain em 2021
I've been here since 2013. Things have gone from a slow trickle of new people to tens of thousands of new users every day. Many questions are asked over and over, so I decided to build a site to help newbies. Open to any and all feedback.
Found another faucet
woohoo!! now I feel better about my average being ~55k 🤪 (bitcoin newb, if you couldn’t already tell)
Everyone's prediction please!
Galaxy Digital Is Launching A Canadian Bitcoin ETF Tomorrow
The amount of BTC on crypto exchanges is still declining. This trend started in March last year at the same time as the insane strait and the beginning of the rise from 3800 to 58000.
The amount of BTC on crypto exchanges is still declining. This trend started in March last year at the same time as the insane strait and the beginning of the rise from 3800 to 58000.
Finally joining the btc community
Writing a Paper on Bitcoin: Need help with sources!
When bitcoin hits 100k I will be a millionaire.
Where to buy Cardano with low fees? Binance has been verifying my identity for days and the website sucks.
Moving from blockchain to coinbase
4 years into owning BTC, my family no longer thinks I’m crazy. It’s a great feeling.
What is a likely outcome for the upcoming week if Bitcoin is able to stay above 52k USD?
Antminers
You got questions about how to invest your bitcoin?
Same people who panic sell lol
NEW HERE, need some outlook from someone who knows....
Bailouts are back
Elon musk
How do I create a block sidechain
Can someone advise about trading within Blockchain to improve bitcoin standing?
Okay am I tripping or is my phone set to the future???? #bitcoin #60000
OBTC (Osprey Bitcoin Trust) Shares Can Now Be Purchased on Vanguard Brokerage
Mark Cuban sees $1 written in DOGE's tea leaves
Buying Bitcoin is too expensive
Finally put a few dollars into Bitcoin
My Wemos BTC price analyzer - wemos d1 mini pro + oled + 3d printer - i can display only 10 numbers on this, so lets do this - to the moon!
Made this funny video about the crypto market
is this real Bitcoin, I made a account with the code and got 0.21 Bitcoin, it says I need to put in 0.01 in to verify the account
Please help!
Everyone talks about buying BTC. But what about Stock Options correlated to BTC?
Finally sold my Bitcoin for a nice profit of the devils numbers. Now I can finally move on to an actual crypto app and move away from robinhood. Thanks for all apes who help me do stock. Together strong
Would a fake ID work for bitcoin atms ?
Biden’s $2 Trillion Relief Package the Largest Stimulus Payments to-Date, Plan Showers Money on the Bureaucracy
PokerTON on Telegram: Game Community Reaches 85,000 in 2020 and Continues to Grow Rapidly
It happens
ProfitChief Service Launches AirDrop on Bitcoin.com Crypto Exchange
How bitcoin’s price could be unsettled by Tether
Oh well, it might work
Thinking of earning interest with blockfi
$45,000,000 a day
The US Government will auction off 0.75 Bitcoin next week
Longtime HODLr's are biased by their past experience
That time the US Department of Treasury admitted on their own site the dollar wasn't backed by anything at all .... Then they took it down. THE INTERNET NEVER FORGETS. Stay bullish folks.
Q - new paymet system
Seriously, this is what the "smartest folks in the room" are coming up with these days.
Galaxy Digital Is Launching A Canadian Bitcoin ETF Tomorrow
FedEx
Cathie Wood from ARK Invest thinks 20% of investments can be on BTC for overall portfolio
ACH to a Credit Union
Stock exchange-listed photo app Meitu acquires $40 million in bitcoin and ether
The importance of conviction
🔥🔥🔥50$ ada cardano airdrop
Best (safest) way to buy 150 bitcoin?
Bitcoin totally broke my ability to be concerned about market drops🤷🏻‍♂️ I love the volatility
long story short
U.S. Government Announces Auction of Partial Bitcoin
Can someone explain the concept of "never selling bitcoin"
Got my free stickers in the mail today! Thank you !
Sharing informative Crypto YouTube channels
Canadian regulators approved third Bitcoin ETF
Has anyone ever heard of Rex Capital Invest? Scam!
Not everyone is going to own one bitcoin
GrayScale GBTC and Bitcoin
Raspberry pi 4B 8GB and all the mods. Raspiblitz bitcoin/lightning node.
Daily DCA at Specific Time
How to think about risk tolerance? I'm all-in and that's probably not healthy.
I’m the rich boyfriend, and I support this message. Ain’t no gift better than a Bitcoin gift
A story: why I’m holding my btc for my niece.
Institutional interest in bitcoin sets the latest bull run apart from 2017's retail-driven surge, Goldman's digital asset chief says
btcspinner io is it actually legit?
The Aker shareholder letter is one of the clearest/most thoughtful *Why Bitcoin, Why Now* reads Here is a thread highlighting a few notable quotes. This is a must read for everyone.
Child tax credit for dca.
Stacking Sats via Fold App
Fast
The Fed
AVOID $OBTC OSPREY BITCOIN TRUST AND BUY ACTUAL BTC - TRADES AT A MASSIVE PREMIUM TO $16.77 NAV
#Bitcoin prestes a romper o triângulo ascendente e a caminho dos $USD 60...
Child tax credit for dca. Anyone else thought of this?
Question for wasabi wallet users.
Q: Capital Gains long-term/short-term
Swing trading Bitcoin
How far can bitcoin go in 2021 if it repeats the 2017 high pattern?
Stimmy Jimmy
💎💪🏼🚀 These diamond hands were built to HODL
The wedding can wait, bitcoin cannot
In Shareholder Letter, Seetee Founder Makes Bull Case For Bitcoin
Earn Bitcoin for free: https://cryptotabbrowser.com/20597711
Defixbit.com / WallStreetBets - Market Makers scam or not?
The evolution of money
Top 3 Altcoins that could Explode on 2021. These Altcoins still have potential for 5x or 10x on this Bullrun.
Claim btc bot
Happy Women's Day to all the ladies who hodl bitcoin
21% of all US dollars were printed in 2020, Katusa Research
cex.io scam or something else
New here and willing to start bitcoin Trading
This is the newest project of him?
Can anyone tell me which hash algorithm is used for the wallet encryption?
on the accuracy of certain price models
This is the newest project of him?
Is it even worth investing in stocks anymore?
Osprey Bitcoin Trust Can Now Be Purchased on Vanguard
How far can bitcoin go in 2021 if it repeats the 2017 high pattern?
Crypto currency for a Burnt out psychonaut... Many failed attempts... Please help..!
Bitcoin options
Difference between segwit and native-segwit?
I feel like a rube!!
State of Bitcoin's Lightning Network: Will gaming spark mainstream adoption?
NYDIG Raises $200 Million from Strategic Partners - including Morgan Stanley, New York Life, MassMutual, Soros Fund Management, FS Investments, Bessemer Partners, and Fintech Collective
The Buy Before The Storm
The best mobile app for BTC value info/alerts?
Bitcoin's Sentiment Hit its Most Negative Commentary Ratio in 5 Months This Weekend, Historically an Opportune Buy Indicator
What do you guys think will happen if Amazon suddenly announced that they’ll start accepting Bitcoin?
A list of 32 sites that pay interest on bitcoin.
Is someone able to help me get started
Hold
Mission To A Total Bitcoin
2 shares of GME stronk.
Crypto Exchanges - The Good, The Bad and The Ugly
Nvidia Wins Lawsuit Over $1 Billion in Cryptocurrency Mining-Related Sales
The famous 14 pieces of advice for those who got rich with bitcoin will circulate again in 2021
IRS Launches ‘Operation Hidden Treasure’ to Target Unreported Crypto Income
Trouble with Coinbase Customer Support
The famous 14 pieces of advice for those who got rich with bitcoin will circulate again in 2021
Right time for investing?
Do you want to earn bitcoins with ad-free Browser? https://cryptotabbrowser.com/20397370
Hafif, hızlı ve kazmak için hazır!
Satoshi Galaxy - Discontinued Bitcoin Faucet
This is not a scam because "Nothing" is being sold
Today is a great outcome vs. traditional markets
I would never ask a man to "HODL my bag"
Investing
Get Ready For Stock Market Learning in a Simple Way... (Go and Subscribe Youtube Channel) Coming Very Soon...
This is not a scam because "Nothing" is being sold Nothing:
The state of Defi... Useless tokens
Wyoming LLC for SDIRA aka Crypto-IRA good to access new WY Crypto-friendly Tax and Law Protections?
BTC goes mainstream
In a zoom job interview, someone made a joke about doing payroll in bitcoin
Solar mining - does it work?
I think I might have found 500,000+ BTC in an old wallet?
The 'year 2038 problem' on btc blocks.
Question: Why hasn't anyone created an exact clone of Bitcoin, with the exact same characteristics?
BTC vs major US markets (6 month charts)
Bitcoin is a worthless asset that generates no value. - Warren Buffet. But why don't he understand that Bitcoin "IS" the "VALUE".
institutions have purchased 60k bitcoin per block chain analysis. They are moving through to coinbase cold storage now.
Has anyone tried the Hashmax mining services? Curious if anyone has had experience with this company, pros/cons.
How is Bitcoin mining done?
If anyone’s switching from Coinbase pro to something else due to this message, what exchange are you switching to or how do I fix this ?
How does Ledn (Canadian version of BlockFi) make money on USDC? I don’t understand how Ledn makes money because they’re paying more (12.5 percent) then they’re getting back (12 percent) on their USDC loans. Thanks in advance!
Who are the most attention-worthy bitcoin "non-maximalists" (skeptics included)?
Mining on unmined.io worth it?
In Shareholder Letter, Seetee Founder Makes Bull Case For Bitcoin
I have been using the CryptoTab Browser for a couple of months now and I can say that it meets expectations 100%. Plus the browser will earn cryptocurrency while you just do what you need. It’s an amazing way to use your time and computer resources more wisely. If you are ready to multiply your inco
Question about trezor
• Bitcoin vs. VISA: energy consumption per transaction 2020
When the wife asks how much of the new stimulus check we should spend on Bitcoin
Coinbase limit?
Peter Schiff - I just lost all the Bitcoin I have ever owned
Brilliant explanation by Andreas about the current economic situation. Please share this with the people still doubting to jump on the lifeboat.
PayPal To Acquire Digital Asset Custody Provider Curv
The possible future
What Leeds to Bitcoin
I really hope NFTs continue to capture media attention so I can keep buying Bitcoin at these bargain prices!
Putting $100 in Bitcoin
My dad doesn't want from me to start mining bitcoin. anyway to convince him ?
Just a friendly reminder 😉
PayPal buys Israeli digital asset security provider curv
The famous 14 pieces of advice for those who got rich with bitcoin will circulate again in 2021
Free X2 Cloud.Boost – twice better mining
Should I invest in the Bitcoin?
IT'S SAD BUT
Institutional interest in bitcoin sets the latest bull run apart from 2017's retail-driven surge, Goldman's digital asset chief says
My Bitcoin themed office decor
In Dallas, TX...love to see it
This lady from India believes in Bitcoin and feeds stray doggies in her city.
Bitcoin
Morgan Stanley, Soros Tap Into Bitcoin, Speedy Taproot, Ethereum's Berlin + More News
Discussion
With The Little investment amount of $500 you can earn back sum of$5000 within 24 hours. But you have to wait till next 7 days before you would make your own Payout withdraw successfully to your bank account or Bitcoin wallet or PayPal account dm me if you interested
Bitcoin Holds $50,000 on Global Corporate FOMO; What to Expect?
END DAY
Searching for Andreas Antonopoulos clip
S2f model creator's twitter suspended
Bitcoin Vs Blockchain
Why are people selling their bitcoin stock before the stimulus checks go out?
Gifting Bitcoin as a present
Easiest 2500$ p/week! By far the best thing I’ve ever done with my free time! Download the CryptoTab app by clicking my link and sit back and watch the money start to flow! Crypto is easy to trade and also mine!!!! Let’s get started on a early retirement together! L2EnFQN
Don’t you love reading top comments about Bitcoin where the author clearly has no understanding of the importance of having a currency that is accessible to anyone around the world and has innate scarcity combating inflation while almost every country is printing money like it’s their job?
When will the Fed update the M2 money stock (it is the M2SL now, and even that weekly report hasn’t been updated since Feb 23, over two weeks!) $20 trillion make you nervous, Jerome?
Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/dang29 and use my username (dang29) as your invitation code.
Built my own Bitcoin ticker... I’m easily amused
Analyzing Bitcoin’s Network Effect
i made this for new ppl. ;) Trust in him.
Has anyone sold a house in bitcoin?
Bitcoin? So what?
Would companies like Trezor and Ledger know exactly owns what wallet addresses?
Want to be rich? Bitcoin’s limited supply cap means you only need 0.01 BTC
EMAIL PERDIDO HOTMAIL
Crypto Portfolio Percentages Suggestions
Okay boomer
Interesting read...will history repeat itself? Quoted from The Bitcoin Standard
Could somebody donate $3 with LTC to me? Thx a lot.
Gemini btc earn vs investing in btc
How to find the origin block of my bitcoin?
How legitimate is the Tether concern?
Trader Buys $36 Million of Copper and Gets Painted Rocks Instead...discuss.
Cryptocurrencies | Here's why altcoins are dropping as Bitcoin price inc...
Suinocultura e piscicultura
Stop taking profits talking taking 10s 20s not helping you
Coinsquare withholding my funds
Ethereum may go down alot
Why does ETH follow BTCs pattern so much? Is this concerning for BTC?
Significant dip?
Where to purchase Bitcoin under 18?
3 Tax Buckets - Jordan Hyde (Financial Services Professional with NYLIFE Securities LLC)
Easy #flyBitcoin
AYFKM, Twitter?
Bit stuck after buying $50 (au) BTC on Binance, it’s too small an amount to transfer to my Exodus wallet even if I buy more the transfer fee is huge!
Bitcoin saves cats
Unfounded, unpopular opinion. GME/WallStreetBets has already been coopted by establishment players, what a way to divert attention and resources from the real game changer.
BILLY BOB GATES
Graduation Gift Advice
Bitcoin: miners steal over $2 million in electricity
GBTC's premium vs. Bitcoin: FINALLY found a free graph!
The Case for $70k Bitcoin by April
You Can Get Free Amazon Git Card
Who uses more energy? Stop the FUD
Something fun to think about!The The
Anyone know what happened to Willy Woo?
Coinbase Is Said to Be Valued at $90 Billion in Private Auction
How will quantum computing affect Bitcoin?
AMD Could Release Its Own Crypto GPU to Mine Ethereum to Calm Down the Skirmish Between Miners and Gamers
Instead of buying $1,400 in one purchase, consider buying $100 per week for 14 weeks resulting in a "Dollar Cost Average"
Where to locate Coincard address?
HODL Bitcoin Club
If Bitcoin is the future, wouldn't it make sense to invest as much money into it as you can for long-term returns?
PlanB twitter's suspended
Future Role of the Dollar
PlanB Twitter suspended?
Interacting With Non Bitcoiners
Help brain wallet giving me different results than when i created my wallet
Bitcoin is now on MARS
Pomp SLAYS on CNBC | Bitcoin Debate
Unknown Bitcoin deposits to my cold wallet
Run the Gauntlet to withdraw from Binance?
Hi so recently had someone try to catfish me and the wanted me to open a Coinmama account for their own direct deposit. Why?
I need to know if Satoshi Nakamoto is alive or dead?
KOBE BRYANT GIVEAWAY ON MY TWITTER FOR MY NEW NFT
Earn free bitcoin here
Is this a legit site for trading?
Heres how to get paid while you sleep
Is www.bitexcoin.net a legit site?
Loans against Bitcoin
Loans that I can use bitcoin as collateral?
should I buy btc now or better hope
Anyone know how to fix this and link my bank to coinbase? It won’t let me link manually so I have to use my online banking info which is when it hits me with this
Can Bitcoin reach $1 ?
Oh no, its going down again!! Everybody panic sell RIGHT NOW! I like buying my coins a little cheaper 😎.
Update: Recovering Bitcoins from a 2011 Hard Drive.
Wtf
Update: RUpdate: https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/m0uk6j/recovering_bitcoins_from_a_2010_hard_drive/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share Ok, just a small update from my last post. So last time I was complaining of the drive opperating reallecovering Bitcoins from a 2011 Hard Drive
Bitcoin Mania🤑🤑 didn't get the video of it but Jack Dorset converting those NFT profits to BTC.
BlockMembers.io &amp; AutoConstruction.org
Today, Bitcoin has reached a critical level of $54,700. How will prices change in the next few days?
South Korea’s Shinhan, LG CNS Unveil CBDC Platform
are you people trying to draw a d*ck on the chart?
I won bitcoin to sign up on the site
Safe ways to buy hardware wallets?
Stimulus vote tomorrow in the House - how will it affect Bitcoin?
r /askbitcoin: People who are selling their Bitcoins, why?
Top Venues to Buy Bitcoin in 2021 - Investing.com
As opposed to judging the value of BTC in dollars...
Is the DEX Bitcoin exchange YFX.com legit?
Bitcoin is not making gold redundant. It is making gold obsolete.
Which exchange is better: Coinbase or Binance?
Bitcoins Here to Stay
This will age like 🍾
Bitcoins Here to Stay
Cryptocurrency cycling clothes
Scams goes crazy
My 10 year daughter just got her book order from school
This is the newest project of him?
How does Bitcoin mining actually create carbon dioxide?
Bitcoin is headed for $1 million and this is the reason why
How Do Bitcoin Payments Work w/ Fluctuating Value?
Which Exchange should I use? (I'm Australian)
I bought the dip last week, and I gotta say...
JPMorgan launching crypto exposure basket featuring MicroStrategy and Square
Bitcoin Hype May Have “Passed,” But Is “Healthy” Before Pushing To New Highs
Looking for a website to earn tips for my music video
ETH Miner App!
What is Bitcoin? Video from 2011
Anyone ever hear of Kinesis or other projects like GSX attempting to merge gold/silver with credit and crypto?
Altcoin? (Newbie)
How to invest the stimulus check?
Lmao
What happened with GBTC after hours today?
A query for a curious mind
TastyWorks Crypto Promotion
how long until my investment reaches $ 1000
Scam???
Bitcoin Energy Usage
58K tomorrow
Right down the street from me. Been there for 5 years never noticed it
Sending Bitcoin / taxable?
Why double sha256 in Base58Check Encoding Checksum?
Bitcoin Hits Highest Level in Two Weeks as Big-Money Bets Flow
US Government isn't very smart. Wants to auction Bitcoin?
A times like this, it’s fun to think of the rage quitters. Whatever happened to Mike Hearn?
Bloomberg Statistics: Institutions Prefer Bitcoin to Gold ETFs
A meme request
Suinocultura e piscicultura
How does one bitcoin look like
100% BTC trading discord (analysis, buy signal&amp;trade opportunities)
Would now be a bad time to invest in bitcoin with it being at 54k?
Portuguese Authorities Contemplate Launching an Investigation on Local Crypto Social Media Influencers
Win upto $200 in Bitcoins every hour, no strings attached! Multiply your bitcoins, free weekly lottery with big prizes, 50% referral commissions and much more!
Simple sign up to win a get free $200 Amazon gift card.
Vauld app: any experience?
Maybe I watch too closely.
Is bitcoin a future currency or an investment ?
Has anyone else been ripped off by mixcoins.com
When they say Bitcoin peaked at 56k
Generate address w Private Key
Bitcoin is more popular investment than gold in the United States
Desensitized to Gains (and losses)
Keep or sell?
Long term which one
Institutions are NOT buying so they can sell later at a higher price. They are NOT looking for a profit in Dollars (in FIAT currency)
GBTC just crashed by 20% after hours?
How to buy crypto using Limit and market order on Binance or any exchang...
Ben Shapiro Clip: Bitcoin &amp; How It Differs From Fiat Money
Institutions are NOT buying so they can sell later at a higher price. They are NOT looking for a profit in Dollars (in FIAT currency)
Institutions are NOT buying so they can sell later at a higher price. They are NOT looking for a profit in Dollars (in FIAT currency)
Is there any BIP proposal for wallet send/receive address?
I have worked my way up!
Best hard wallet
NASA's perseverance rover has found something very peculiar on the surface of MARS
Bitcoin or stock market
Silly Rock Song from 2009 takes down Federal Reserve Fiat
Bitcoin Recovery
Jp Morgan Is Launching A “J. P Morgan Cryptocurrency Exposure Basket” of Bitcoin Proxy Stocks
Statistics have shown there’s been an alarming incline in traffick accidents recently. When drivers were interviewed by police the same response was given every time.. “What red light officer all I see is green!”
Is Satoshi Nakamoto realy a group ?
How much do you invest in btc % wise of networth?
HODLer getting cold feet! Intervention Plz🙏
On the fence about buying Bitcoin
A receipt of a Bitcoin purchase from 2011. A bitcoin was worth 65 argentine pesos back in 2011 and a bitcoin is now worth 8,063,573 argentine pesos.
Remote Siberian data center reaps rewards of bitcoin rally
22[F4M] High and Horny Message me now, I will send everything you want.
American Residential Warranty to Invest in Bitcoin and Accept it as Payment: The Most Trusted Home Warranty Company Has Also Become the Most Tech-Forward Innovator | Boston Herald
Securing Bitcoin Cold Storage
HACKERNOON story about Blockchain.com - Lost Funds, Bad Support, Low Reviews
Something to think about. There are no bear markets. #HODL
Join the @bitcointernet Telegram channel and never miss Crypto News again!
Something to think about. There are no bear markets. #HODL
I wish I had a million Bitcoins - I’d give them to everyone abused child and help them start a new life
This receipt of a Bitcoin purchase from 2011 is wild!
Is trading activity on coin base a good gauge of when to buy.?
Is SoFi for Crypto really that bad?
German Bundesbank: "We want to have reserves that are valuable and liquid and, if necessary, quickly available in an emergency,".
Question about trezor help pls
Anathem | Neal Stephenson | Talks at Google : Guy asks in Sep 2008 to Stephenson "if he anticipated that the crypto movement would die out" ... if he knew
NVIDIA CMP HX Dedicated GPU for Professional Mining
Governments will say Bitcoin is bad for the environment as an excuse to ban it.
Buying bitcoin without an ID
If you got a pressure washer...go let the neighbors know!!
How many lightning nodes can be run on one full node?
I'm an artist looking to partner with a trader who wants to get into minting and selling original primo NFT artworks. Anyone out there interested?
1.2 Billion People Live Under Double-Digit Inflation, ‘Many Have Found Escape in Bitcoin’ Says HRF’s Alex Gladstein
The Unhashed Podcast: King of the Jade Empire (w/ Lawrence Nahum)
If you're hands are ever feeling weak, remember this is where society was 10 years ago
Easy to earn satoshi
Exciting news!
Bitcoin computer in space?
Saquon Barkley of the NY Giants just added #bitcoin to his Twitter bio
For the first time since COVID started, I have finally found something that actually feels normal to obsess about.
Irony: My bitcoin holdings soar while I fail my finance exam
Just got my Trezor! Need some advice
So I have finally setup my FIRST hardware wallet and sent funds to it successfully! I officially own my BTC!
Second-Hand NFT Market for NBA Top Shot Packs Appears on eBay
Will Bitcoin ETF’s take off in 2021?
VIRAL EXPERIMENT. gemini sign up code
To the moon
Edward Snowden to speak about Digital Privacy at Orchid virtual summit "Priv8"
Btc mining
What happens if Ledger or Trezor goes under?
American Residential Warranty to Invest in Bitcoin and Accept it as Payment: The Most Trusted Home Warranty Company Has Also Become the Most Tech-Forward Innovator – Business
Bought Bitcoin on PayPal a month ago Now after I’ve lurked this sub I want to move it out of PayPal.
The U.S government's GSA is selling 0.75 BTC
Oil billionaire company buys $59 million in bitcoin
Freebitco.in app
The famous 14 pieces of advice for those who got rich with bitcoin will circulate again in 2021
BREAKING: J.P Morgan to Launch "Cryptocurrency Exposure Basket"
Sometimes when I’m having a hard day at work, I look at my portfolio and everything is ok 😌
New you can buy bitcoin vouchers in my country
JPMorgan has filed a set of documents for a 'Cryptocurrency Exposure Basket' with reference to Bitcoin
Artistic Impression of Bitcoin
Paper vs stainless steel for very long term seed storage
Bitcoin FUD from the NYT on the front page
Any bitcoin investment sites please????
Bitcoin @ 66551.26 seems, kinda scamy...
Healing services
Should I start mining with my gtx 1650??
Why is r/btc all about Bitcoin cash?
Curious, does anyone here know Adewale Adeyemos stance on digital currency? He's going to be in charge of cryptocurrency regulation and enforcement in the next couple weeks from the treasury secretary, he could be very bullish or extremely bearish for crypto in the USA.
Is anonymity important to Bitcoin?
We need to stop gatekeeping Bitcoin from the poor. Even if you don't think it's worth it for someone to save as little as 5 dollars at a time in Bitcoin, it's still better for them to learn to save there than to be discouraged into continuing to only save in the dollar. Bitcoin is for everyone.
My Bitcoin Brothers. Help me teach my parents about BTC!!
Microsoft own GitHub, but Gates says that crypto is a technology that literally leads to death. How come?
Earn up to 3% daily in BTC - Gana hasta el 3% diario en BTC.
Complete noob here. Only 11% of Americans have SOME Bitcoin. If the US dollar crashed today, how would Bitcoin’s usefulness increase if people have nothing of value to trade for sky-rocketing Bitcoin demand?
I'm not going to rewrite my last post, so read the link/comments if interested about the environmental impact of Bitcoin and the relationship Bitcoin has with the media. As Bitcoin reaches for its ATH, the NYT releases the same cherry picked stats from other news sources that inspired this post.
How to recover scammed bitcoin and stolen cryptocurrency
I'm not going to bother explaining this again, so read my last post and the comments. As Bitcoin reaches towards it's all time high, another article (from the New York Times, no less) comes out with the same cherry picked statistics on the environmental impact of the coin.
Bitcoin’s Greatest Feature Is Also Its Existential Threat
Bitcoin Song
Given the amount of FUD out there about Bitcoin mining's energy consumption, I wrote this thread explaining why Bitcoin is a fundamental innovation in how we interact with energy, NOT a waste of energy.
If you believe in #bitcoin believe in $HIVE
Bitcoin Balances on Exchanges Are Draining, Leading Platforms See $10 Billion in BTC Withdrawn in 4 Months
What are some user-friendly tools for a newbie?
Be in control of your own monetary energy. Great quote by Michael Saylor.
Patch for CHECKMULTISIG
To BlockFi or not to BlockFi? What is your thoughts on BlockFi? BlockFi is a bank-like platform for crypto users. By depositing cryptocurrency into BlockFi, you can earn interest, spend your crypto, and buy or sell crypto with no hidden fees or minimum balances.
80’s Team Sp
Go join us
smh at the money they’ve missed out on so far
Bitcoin tactics
What´s the record satoshis donated through reddit?
Need help find a trust worthy hypnotist
Thought the group might like this
Believed the hype years ago and jumped the $BTC ship. Ooof level over 9,000
How can US Govt supress BTC?
Hey guys
If countries truly feel threatened by Bitcoin
Thought I’d hit it big back in 2015. Always HODL!
Cashing out your crypto is a really bad idea
best ATM machine
Daily Bitcoin News March 8th,2021
Managed to capture a snapshot of my Bitcoin balance at $420.69 !
Why does Bitcoin use so much energy?
Interview: Questioning Bitcoin Narratives With Eric Wall
Are you greedy? Or is Peter salty?
George Soros and JP Morgan invest in Bitcoin company!
George Soros and JP Morgan invest in Bitcoin company!
Bitcoin Tops $1 Trillion in Value again as the Price of Cryptocurrency Jumps
Devote ONE single year to acquire Bitcoin out of your 30-40 career... it may harvest monumental results of life changing, unimaginable wealth.
New Wired Article on Bitcoin
Who’s in the 1%?
Bitcoin Node
Voyager increases monthly BTC interest from 5.5% to 6.25%
hello, i need bitcoin tips
I need some FUD
How bitcoin could help the housing market
Seen on a store front in the French Quarter this weekend. Hopefully soon every store will have this sign. Then they won’t need the sign because it will be the norm.
Ray Dalio starts to get bitcoin's main feature. Store of value through good and bad times.
Four Essential Questions on Bitcoin Privacy and Anonymity Answered
Block Reward Maximum 6.25 BTC or am I wrong??
Canadian company that sells Bitcoin mining data centres to oil and gas industry estimates they can reduce over 10,000 tonnes of carbon per year off an oil well.
Private key - explain
Can’t access wallet on blockchain.com
Who is this Dan Pena guy? What’s his story?
Phantom Coinbase deposit
Gates says that crypto is a rare technology that literally leads to death
Litecoin
How to Grow Taller (The Truth)
When people argue with me about how Bitcoin isn’t worth anything. You pull finite resources out of the ground and stamp a value on it people agree to... it’s very similar. Store of value shouldn’t be that hard for these people to understand. One of the worlds largest uncut diamonds worth $52mm.
Just heard from my own mouth
Got the moon watch, so I can tell the time when BTC goes to the moon.
10000 dollars giveaway by Binance!
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
Make $10,000 FREE Bitcoin With No Investment | (NEW) Bitcoin Mining Website
HOW DO YOU INVEST PROFITABLY IN BITCOIN?
Best wallet
Why I think bitcoin will go down by possibly 30% in the next 50 years (ignoring natural inflation)
Never Care About
Bee network. Referral code: gsmida
The Characteristics of Cryptocurrencies | Bitcoin the most prominent cryptocurrency
Mycelium questions
Y is Google/ YouTube aggressively starting to block Crypto Channels?
Help italian guy to open a monero farm
END DAY
Buy Stacks and Earn BTC
Bitcoin ROI Measured from the Halving
Where will Bitcoin be by July 1st?
Bitcoin network
im new to bitcoin
This is the Bitcoin Subreddit
Bitcoin reach 60000 tomorrow?
Looking for feedback on a new scaling solution - Project Boreas
Bancos e CBDC
In it for the long haul.
Possibly double top?
Question do I actually have a Bitcoin? My father in law bought two physical bitcoins years ago when they were first made. And I know the coins themselves are not worth anything. But they came in little baggies with QR code’s on them and some random numbers and letters next to it on the label.
Stupid question
What will happen if everyone started selling their Bitcoins?
Bolivar technical college; aka BTC This HAS TO BE Satoshi's collage!
I spent way to much time on this. This is my first animation ever. Should we call it "peter loses his bitcoin" ?
hey. i'm new to this hehehe. what would be the start for someone who's never really bought any bitcoin? is it still worth to try and buy it?
Thank You Bitcoin.
What is the difference between Ethereum Roll up and Bitcoin Lightning Network?
Which would hypothetical be better?
Now Is the Time to Become the Certified Bitcoin Professional (CBP)
I think they are right... what do you think?
Be Bold... Hold!!
Google Finance has added a section for cryptocurrencies
Mountain full of gold found in Congo. This is good for bitcoin.
Soo True
A few years back I sold all 3 of my bitcoin to feel better about a bad weekend in Vegas...
Island for sale in Bitcoin
South Korean Officials Notice a Sudden Rise in Crypto Mining Rigs Imports- Over 41 Shipments Intercepted in 3 Months
Good coin is coming Buy
just bought my 100€ in bitcoin
Cryptocurrencies | Ethereum to roll out Berlin upgrade with 4 EIPs
Bitcoin’s Energy Consumption Is A Highly Charged Debate – Who’s Right?
Told my in-law to buy $100 a few days ago.
Hie Guys Kindly have a look at my meme of Earning BTC through stacking STACKS
GBTC still at a premium for IRA’s check bitbo.io
Bitcoin mania triggers fundraising rush by Chinese players
Why are there never any blocks mined when I'm trying to send a transaction in a hurry
BCH
Swing Conversions
Avoid buying from coinme (my experience)
60000$ We are coming for you
Is it wrong to think this way?
What is the best exchange to use?
American Home Warranty Company to Accept Crypto Payments, Plans to Add BTC to Investment Portfolio
Bitcoin Scarcity: There are more millionaires than Bitcoins
This is the newest project of him?
BTC016: Bitcoin Super-Cycle w/ Dan Held (Coinbase IPO Insights)
ROFX etherscan sketchy
Anyone else ever feel this way?
How to open Coin base acc without ssn?
For Wealth And Freedom!
Do I get taxed if I HODL?
Crypto futures
Buyer meant to send $100 but sent 100 litecoins instead - potential scam or not?
Bitcoin after ~10 years
Airdrop binance
Já ouviu falar do Grab.TC ?
Saw this at my local gas station!
Best platform to purchase Bitcoin
Tax Question. If you bought and held onto Bitcoin all year, not a single cent sold or made, do you need to report it on taxes?
Binance Fees
Bitcoin CreditCard in Canada 🇨🇦
In an effort to actually have the conversation, I'm not going to link to the hit piece in the title, but will link below.
Impact of transfer of BTC transfer if I buy while in one country and send it to another country’s citizen’s BTC wallet
Thoughts in BTC, ETH, ADA and DOT for the next 12 months.
62084963 - Биткоин Кошелек
Experiment
Binance deposit question
Don't be an ignuranus like me
The traditional banking and monetary system = anxiety. Bitcoin = self-possession and tranquility.
60000，We just have to wait
The U.S. Economy and the Future of Cryptocurrency
BitCoin HODL American Apparel Sweatshirt Unisex sizes FREE
No way!!! Crypto currency is about drop big, Check this article out! It’s worth the read
Bitcoin &amp; Ethereum Market Manipulation OVER
Will I get my TX fee back if I cancel transaction?
The cost of the world financial system
When do you think is bitcoin next dip maybe to 43k? I hungry to buy again!
American Home Warranty Company to Accept Crypto Payments, Plans to Add BTC to Investment Portfolio
Thank you Elon Gatsby
I just made this notebook to track my crypto's investment (also a reminder, just HODL)
Officially in Bitcoin! I feel ecstatic to join this family :D
Bitcoin doing Bitcoin things. Meanwhile, on Twitter...
How Many People Converted Their Stimulus#1 + State + Federal Tax Returns into BTC? (US Only)
Inflation Fears Pumps Bitcoin Prices Above $56k | BTCMANAGER
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Bitcoin missing between wallet and Crypto.
yes
under 18 trying to get into cryptocurrency
Looking for resources for reading up on btc
Can Bitcoin fix all the things you hate about capitalism?
More Giants bought btc?
Ethereum Miners Don’t Cause Price Volatility, Says Analyst
Bancos e CBDC
AMA post was removed blocked. I am the 56 btc guy. AMA again.
Is this worth?
THETA NETWORK IS UP 5,865% THIS YEAR AND TFUEL ITS GAS TOKEN (TFUEL) IS UP 10,111% COMPARING THIS TO BITCOINS 607% WE CAN EASILY SEE AN INVESTMENT IN THETA IS FAR SUPERIOR THAN BITCOIN ACCORDING TO THE NUMBERS... THETA IS A DECENTRALIZED STREAMING PLATFORM THAT ALLOWS USERS WHO WATCH STREAMS TO EARN
bitcoinmer.com, scam?
GBTC closed to new purchases
Bitcoin and Irs question about $10 gain
One in Three Investors Feel They’ve Missed the Bitcoin Boat: Survey
If Bitcoin has a finite supply and the US dollar can be printed on demand, what would happen if BTC became the new currency and we needed to provide relief for disastrous events or a stimulus package for pandemics and such?
GION ASSET GLOBAL
I sold GME to buy bitcoin
I've got a little amount of BTC and I want to exchange it for sumcoin
NEW AUSTRALIAN CRYPTO BACKED LENDER
Hey guys Gary Here again
Top Four Places You Can Gamble Using Bitcoin
Goldman Sachs COO Says Clients Demand for Crypto Soars
r/TheLightningNetwork is back from the dead with a brand new mod team! Come join us and help build the future of Bitcoin.
Question about confirmations in my wallet
Digital Currency Group Announces Plan to Purchase Shares of Grayscale Bitcoin Trust (OTCQX: GBTC) - Gearing up for ETF
Alts
I've got TRX and I want to exchange it for sumcoin
Goldman Sachs Relaunching Crypto Trading Desk After 3-Year Pause
Bitcoin pizza night.
Hi guys I made a video on one of the possible ways to move crypto forward to mass adoption would love your feedback :)
I sold my ass for Bitcoin!
Milestone
Want to mine bitcoin on your android without having to pay? Cryptotab Browser is the best way... Use the link below to register for free and get a bonus on registering... Please note that the link below is an affiliate link, meaning registering with it gives me a commission...
MCNgCRq3tBWx1Qcy5a8Mu9HhVjKi7gVzVc is anyone kind enough to send me 0.05 litecoin thank you very swag i like it
Largest Cloud Bitcoin Mining Company
Stay at home! And MINE BITCOIN ON YOUR PHONE 24/7 mining!!!!
Multi-Platinum Recording Artist Lil Pump to Drop ‘Digital Jewelry’ NFTs
Interview: Falling Down The Rabbit Hole With Labra HODL
As we ignore the Oracle non-news and head towards new ATH, let us revisit this gem that carried us to the current highs.
Saw this response to Peter Schiff
Which Scrap Car Dealer Is Accepting Bitcoin For Cars In Sydney
What happens if you dont pay crypto tax?
What is this up and down in seconds?
Like wtf are you saying man! When we are dealing with BITCOIN, you shouldn’t be talking about XRP .
Bitcoin Magazine Lot - Issues #1 - #22 (most un-open in sealed plastic / mint condition)
Why did Elon Musk finally invest in Bitcoin?
ETF please and thank you
“Why didn’t I listen to myself?”, Says influencer who promoted Bitcoin for $20 in 2011
Officially in Bitcoin! I feel... Good!😎
TimeBucks
Prix bitcoin
"Bitcoin Preferred" for an ocean front home in Florida
BTC Art
Oracle changes name to Pooracle after not buying Bitcoin
Leading Israeli Asset Manager Pours $100 Million Into Bitcoin
Green dot bank card help?
What happens after 21m bitcoin?
How can I sell bitcoin on Coinbase if I live in an unsupported country? Can I use a VPN? pls help
Serious Question: What Happens When Bitcoin is Worth $40 Trillion?
Oracle Q3 FY21 Earnings live event (today 04:00 PM CT). (Rumor) They will announce their purchase of BTC.
Stop talking about Bitcoin
XRP being re listed on Swiss exchange...so it begins
Mine BTC free here
I'm building a website to track my buying so you'll know when the price will drop.
56.6K again, passing dial-up speed! Next stop, 128K ISDN!
BTC and Altcoins exit strategy
Pregabalin 300mg Capsules
Hotel Group To Accept Cryptocurrency as Payment
Everyone on this sub should have some sats in a mobile lightning wallet
Why would anyone use a Bitcoin ATM?
BitcoLoan - The future
is it normal?! copay/bitpay is charging me 28.5 %fees to send !
Nearly fifty percent of those surveyed said they neither own nor have any plan to acquire cryptocurrency.
What is Bittorrent? - BTT Beginners Guide
Do not use MoonPay they waste your time
Dust attacks
Free Mining with Browser
Best way to buy Bitcoin on Binance?
Is there an app that says the current network fees of bitcoin?
Twitter boss to sell first tweet, convert proceeds to bitcoin (Reuters video).
Atari to Launch a Crypto-Fueled Gaming Platform in the Ethereum Metaverse Decentraland
Digital Currency Group To Invest $250 Million In Grayscale Bitcoin Trust
Confused John Travolta - warum platzt die bitcoin blase nicht?!
Anyone doing $50 or $75 daily recurring auto buys?
What should I do with the Bitcoin profits ?
Why do people often react with ridicule or aggression to bitcoin?
Israeli Pension Giant Put $100M Into Grayscale Bitcoin Trust: Report
What should I do with my Bitcoin profits? Should I leave the amount as it is ? Or buy more with it?
Paypal holding my bitcoin cashout for 21 days
This is so BULLISH
TL:DR Institutional alternative to ca$h and Coinbase?
ULTIMATE PAXFUL REVIEW
We are going to Mars guys, open your mind &amp;Bitcoin is peace. REMIX
Missing bitcoin
Do you think we still go up or correction is coming?
Slotted an r9 380x into my 2070 super rig just for mining, can I make this work?
03/10 /2021 bitcoin targets also I cover many alt coins timestamps in the description
Mining bitcoin
Trouble focusing at work on green day's
Pi Network — Will be The Next Bitcoin of the Future
Bitcoin VS pi network - Will be The Next Bitcoin of the Future ??
Intro to Bitcoin, Blockchains, and Cryptocurrency
What companies are involved in bitcoin?
New all time high! The circle of life
Bitcoin ETFs In Canada With Elliot Johnson
Swaps and NFTs Accelerate MetaMask's Growth
Selling all stocks for Bitcoin
Digital Currency Group To Invest $250 Million In Grayscale Bitcoin Trust
Sent Bitcoin to merchant instead of my wallet.
Buy/Sell cryptocurrency
Bitcoin mining for free!!
I'd like to know more about Nano. What do y'all think of it?
The Resident: All The Bitcoin in Iceland
My dream is to build my own house, and I will.
Rocket Ship BTC
My Bitcoin cake for my 31st birthday.
do you need to pay taxes when using coinbase visa card?
Who else is dropping there 1400 dollar stimi into Bitcoin?
I made a Chrome Extension for keeping track of your cryptocurrency in your Mint account
Help people buy Bitcoin!
Any suggestions on how to speed up stuck bitcoin transactions?
Best site to buy in Germany?
Putting BTC into a ring, or necklace?
GBTC not allowing new investors???
My Precious....HODL
newbia
BUY. "...some experts worry that massive injection of stimulus into the recovering economy might result in inflation"
The New Bitcoin JOIN FAST AND EARN 1 Pi worth 100€
Old 2013 DogeCoin wallet found, no password, can you help?
Very interesting!!!!
Congress has just passed the stimulus bill. How do you think this will impact the price of BTC (already nearing a new ATH)?
Blockstream Green Wallet with Trezor One?
Can I buy $5,000 in Bitcoin and just hold onto it for 10 years?
NFT Cocaine has entered the chat. Seriously?
Is this normal? Can’t remember why i have this leftover BT but just tried to send it and it shows $9.75 to send $6.09. Moves up and down couple or cents but...is this a flat rate? I mean even if i tried sending $10k would it be $9.75 (Blockchain)
Found success making income with BigToken.
Do you have dollars that are depreciating? Better invest them in Bitcoin and get a huge profit!
Do not forget to merge your wallets for the upcoming fork of all major blockchains!
Fake posts being upvoted encouraging people to sell
Are you guys still buying at 57k
Crypto B2B leads
Is this normal? Can’t remember why i have this leftover BT but just tried to send it and it shows $9.75 to send $6.09. Moves up and down couple or cents but...is this a flat rate? I mean even if i tried sending $10k would it be $9.75 (Blockchain)
Binance.US Why am I seeing a Prime Trust fee of about 27$ when looking to deposit 500$ ? Did I do something wrong during verification? Will I be able to change it without canceling my account and doing it over ? Thank you !
Get your free bitcoin every hour
Am I hodling too much?
3 Bitcoin ETFs Have Been Approved in North America
Ternoa (CAPS), Transmit Your Memories and Private Data Thanks to the Blockchain
There is only one king ...
To mine or invest?
NFT Cocaine has entered the chat. Seriously?
NFT Cocaine has entered the chat. Seriously?
has entered the chat. Seriously?
Riot stock is poised to benefit most from Bitcoin ATH.
WILL BITCOIN BE THE CURRENCY OF THE FUTURE? || CRYPTOCURRENCY EXPLAINED ...
I sold this week, and I am thankful
NFT has entered the chat. Seriously?
NFT Cocaine has entered the chat. Seriously?
NFT Cocaine has entered the chat. Seriously?
Did oracle really bought Bitcoin?
How would bitcoin be used for mass transactions when it can only handle such a small amount of transactions a second?
Help
Riot prediction 300+ soon as Bitcoin surpasses ATHs.
Thinking about going to jail, just to HODL
heya how's it
The Schiff indicator has just jumped to 9000
Just received my Ledger X
BCash trash?
NFT Cocaine has entered the chat. Seriously?
How to avoid wrong links and PM spam on this subreddit
Help
Nash/NEX, Best Exchanges
Check out my DD about Riot on r/OvernightBillionaires 400% increase in sight!!
First time buy question ?
I am a regular guy, and came across 56 BTC. AMA
I made money @ school lol
Extremely stupid question
Dentacoin DCN Power
Will China end up with all the fiat currency of the world, since the majority of mining is done there?
"Super Cycle" + Bull Market = ???
Released version 0.2.5 of BIP84 via npm
Get free 200$. Click here... https://tinyurl.com/pw96k9ju
💎💪🏼🚀 Hit LIKE if you HODL and your hands are made of Diamonds....
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Adam Skelly of Adamson BBQ - Challenging the Government 'Lockdowns' in Canada
Taking out initial investment, feeling good about ∞ x
The Moon - Carl on YouTube (scam or?)
am I late to the current Bitcoin climb?
Need karma to post on coinbase
German Bank Donner &amp; Reuschel to Offer Crypto Custody Services in Response to a 'High Market Demand' in the Country
I make laser engraved posters and thought you guys might like this!
It's midnight and I was laughing looking at my wallet
Guy in 2 bed semi buys Lambo with Crypto profits
Binance - WTF captcha??
Schiff is a secret Bitcoin shill : "My son Spencer went all in on Bitcoin - 100% of his portfolio. He sold the last of his silver to raise cash. If my own son is this brainwashed imagine how vulnerable most kids are; HODLing to infinity or bust."
r/CoinBase looks scary as hell! Is it? Investor help?
Just when you think you're in for a dip
We just hit 57K, new ATH.
Alternatives to Coinbase?
Interesting opinion piece. Bitcoin the financial savior?
Is this affecting the market?
What happens to money management firms when Bitcoin starts melting faces? Considering a marketing role...
🤷🏻‍♂️
Peter Schiff’s son
Funny that MS Flight Sim at 154GB is roughly half the size of the bitcoin blockchain and takes just about as long to setup and install as would a full node.
I got 56 BTC in fees from selling Bitcoin Forked coins for people. AMA.
Alex Jones reveals that Max Keiser gave him 10,000 Bitcoin on a laptop and lost it around 10 years ago.
🤷🏻‍♂️
Thoughts on the big guys swooping in
Question - is there a good resource on the internet/YouTube that explains bitcoin (at a high level) in Chinese/Cantonese?
Prediction: Today Oracle will announce that they now hold at least 25,000 Bitcoins in their treasury, valued at &gt;$1.5B. We'll know around 5pm ET if I'm full of shit.
Who are the enemies of the Bitcoin ?
Yahoo Finance
GameStop
END DAY
A Basic Economic Analysis of Bitcoin
Thoughts on BlockFi interest account?
MARKET CRASHING!!! AGAIN????
Long-Term Bitcoin HODLers Keep Accumulating as Newcomers Take Profits, Data Shows
I xchange mve
Want to hear something messed up? The IRS🇺🇸 and the CRA🇨🇦. Thats it.
Energy consumption
My response to seldom asked question: "Why would anyone want Bitcoin when "insert other coin" can do exactly what Bitcoin does but better?"
Keeping Passphrase Safe at a bank
Call Center
This theory is old but much relevant in recent time Is bitcoin AI? The block chain incentivize human to mine it (grow and evolve).It has been limited to certain amount what if we break that barrier?We may not be able to destroy Blockchain in the future cuz everything will be controlled by AI.
Digital currencies &amp; tokenisation a reality but unlikely to replace money: Piyush Gupta, CEO, DBS
First stimulus check if invested in BTC, is now worth 10k.
Peter Schiff at it again. Plans to disown his own son 🤣
Hey Guys this is just a response to my last post ... I deposit 87$ into my KOT trading account and learning from the courses in my last post was able to turn that 87$ into 6k in withdraw it . LEARN PRICE ACTION AND FIBS GUYS. Message me if you need the courses , also add my telegram
Who bought the dip? I bought the dip!
I can’t afford much, but I’ve finally bought into Bitcoin. Maybe one day I can own one full one and pass it down to my baby girl.
It has been a year since bitcoin was below $5k now, March 12th 2020
Up 1,400% today. That’s a lovely sight. Here’s to the next 1,400!
These courses changed my life forever ... learning this skill can really make you financially free message me
Chat App KakaoTalk’s Crypto Wallet Now Has 0.75m Users
Pull out game 💪
Cryptocurrencies | Evaluating Biden’s $2 trillion stimulus package, coul...
$3,858 one year ago today
Dan Pena thinks he knows who the creator of Bitcoin is and claims it'll go to zero
The guy who introduced me to crypto broke up with me 3 days ago. I'm a sobbing mess but I'm 3k richer.
Lucy
Should I invest more into bitcoin and ethereum like I did 3 months ago but at the time one btc was 19k and 1 ethereum was $777. Now one btc is 57k and ethereum is a little under 2k. What should I do?
Lucy
Lucy
Lucy
Taxable event?
Alex Jones Says He Lost Laptop Containing 10,000 Bitcoins
Lost Bitcoin, curious to see if there is any fix
Cryptocurrencies | Bitcoin Gains for Fifth Day, the Longest Streak This ...
Good app to use to teach people how to use Bitcoin
Unable to withdrawal crypto from Bitrue
Digital gold! Hodl &amp; stack Sats!!
Help
Support us guys
Is BlockFi Secure and Stable?
I just got off the phone with Bitcoin customer service
🔥🔥🔥🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 #FEG ➡️best token ever
Alex Jones claims he lost computer containing 10,000 bitcoins
I need help selecting a mobile crypto wallet
HitBTC hit with ‘potentially largest scale criminally fraudulent’ claims
Pull out game 💪
Just told my wife I moved our cash savings from USD to Bitcoin....
is it too late buy bitcoin?
True or False: Bitcoin is a fungible token.
Trezor one white vs coldcard
Is their an any alternative?
‘Slam Dunk’ Bitcoin Arbitrage Fizzles for Biggest Crypto Fund
KuCoin
PSA: Fold App Nerf
Real App that Paid Me Automatically Every Tuesdays
STUCK Bitcoin (blockchain app) won’t let me do anything but I have the funds.
Guys, I really need your help with the survey that is related to my research on Freelancing and Remote Working? (Please take a look🙏)
Seeking Input: Mitigating The Impact of Big Crypto Tax Bill
LOST MY PHONE.....realized I might have a problem.
Article Request
Bitcoin holding steady at 57 to 58K
Blockfolio
Email from btc-e.com
Shill me your bitcoin predictions
Block Size of on chain transactions
DONT TELL ME WHAT I WANT SAYLOR
100% in Bitcoin: Gold Bug Peter Schiff’s Son Goes All-in on BTC
Bittrex disable my account and locked my money. Help me sharing this post
This Will Be BTC TOP PRICE In This Market Cycle! - Raoul Pal
The best and perfect time to trade is when a good and trusted signal is observed. Because trading with a good and trusted signals is an assurance that profits is guaranteed. Invest in binary trade with the best and reliable signal ever using Bitcoin and gain financial stability✅
LMAOOO
Bitcoin breaks $57,000 as on-chain data turns “mostly bullish. The next major resistance for Bitcoin is $58,000—its current all-time high—a level that asset reached on February 21 before tumbling down to $43,000 in the weeks afterward.
Litecoin poised to become privacy coin
Could Litecoin become the next privacy coin?
Any advices on EURUSD and XAUUSD?
Little old lady trading technique question... How much is half on a double?
I want to buy bitcoin on robinhood i need help
Call Center
🙃
Bill Gates is worried about bitcoin, other cryptocurrencies for this reason
Can Bitcoin be used as a way to make an international money transfer?
Satoshi at a party
It‘s hard man
Bitcoin is a scarce, secure asset that you can securely move around the world over the internet, nearly instantly, for pennies. That's absolutely amazing. That is all. Happy HODLing.
How do large companies sell or buy crypto?
Accidentally delete your keys? Hard drive died and no backup? DIY data recovery guide for HODLers
Bittrex Its SCAM! hodlers, help me sharing this post. Please!
Crazy times
My Bitcoin Story hint don't be me ;)
PANDAS=HELP.
Foundry Digital’s Bitcoin Mining Pool Is Welcoming Institutional Clients
Bitcoin Magazine Happy Hour LIVE NOW
Like WTF are you saying man!!!!!! How many of us are in this category?
Help for a noob
Bitcoin Audible: Guy's Take #43 - The Sound of Inevitability
Do you think there will be a point in the future, in which the Bitcoin logo itself could be looked back on as sacred geometry?
Help moving my BTCs
Prediction for peak of the bull run? For shits and gigs
Neblio NTP1 Encrypted Metadata for enterprise
Transfering bitcoins out of your cold wallet
My friend is asking me, should he sell his $600,000 house and buy Bitcoin.
How far can bitcoin go in 2021 if it repeats the 2017 high pattern?
My tweet from 2017 about bitcoin
Beginner
How long would it take a Human being to calculate 1 confirmation? Is it even possible?
Market Snipers Tradingview Channel
Stock to flow, how to interpret it
Who verified transactions after the last BTC is mined?
Bitcoin just broke $58,000 again
Bittrex Global disable my account, locked my money and dont awnser my ticket more then 2 weeks. Help
Real-time Bitcoin price with smooth chart
Are you doing Futures or nah ?
New start up looking for content creators.
See you at $60k 🚀🚀🚀
Join SwissBorg and Earn Free Bitcoin!
MEME: Prices don't lie
#tb
Everything you need to know about Bitcoin's Taproot
This is the newest project of him?
How Oracle Not Buying BTC Is Still Bullish For Bitcoin
My incredible girlfriend got me the best birthday cake
Spin to Win 10,000 Free Rounds in the Latest Tournament from Bitcoin Games
Free BTC for all
At the moment when 50% of the Earth's population want Bitcoin and not fiat, the avalanche will happen.
Video Cards, Crypto Mining Facility Demand Soars in Russia
Gold is now above surface, no need to dig.
Legal Bitcoin Capital Gain Strategy for HODLers? I think so
Serious question about the uniqueness of BTC
was'nt a big reason for bitcoin is fees, yet massive transcacion fees?
Question, does anyone think BTC will go below 50k again? I know where in an uptrend right now towards 60k, I want to buy in another large amount but waiting for a sizable dip.
What property of Bitcoin finally convinced you into buying? What property of it keeps you from buying?
If Ledger doesn’t get back to my inquiry by the end of the week, I’m going to break their Nano X and toss it into a fire once it arrives. I don’t care if it’s a waste of $120.
How who does 2p2
100% of holders made money
RTX 3060: Chinese miners double crypto ‘mining speed’
Cash app and Bitcoin
Foundry Digital’s Bitcoin Mining Pool Is Welcoming Institutional Clients
Bill Gates is worried about bitcoin because of climate change — Fox Business
Skale ?
CRYPTERIUM KYC SCAM, how Im being conned by yet another estonian crypto/fintech for around 3500$
Free Bitcoin mining on iOS device. https://cryptotabbrowser.com/20842338
Message!
I just love how nobody it talking about 58k ...
My dad got all his bitcoin sent out from his Paxful account, how fucked is he?
What would happen if technology advances can't keep up with bitcoin adoption ?
4:22pm BTC hit 58
GBTC price prediction by next Friday?
Savings in USD vs BTC/Crytpo?
Pi network
What’s the Highest Price You’ve Ever Paid for Bitcoin? And the Lowest Price You’ve Ever Sold Bitcoin For?
Ripple Settles Legal Dispute With Youtube Over XRP Giveaway Scams
Interview: Why Bitcoin Matters With Hong Fang
u/seisamen1983 is randomly pm'ing ppl with an "investment opportunity". Block this pos and move on. This is especially for new investors who might fall for this crap. Stay safe y'all
What would happen if technology advances can't keep up with bitcoin adoption ?
How to buy bitcoin SAFELY
Peter Schiff blatantly lying on Twitter about GBTC selling BTC. CEO corrects him.
Possibility of China to achieve 51%+ domination of the network.
Converting all my LTC in BTC
Rate my mining part list
Help a man out
Will The Bitcoin Price will hit $60 K USD?
Rain to wokehaha
ENJ and ADA
Will GBTC ever increase the price for its premium again? and if so when would that be likely?
Revenge for the scammed!
Any Big Lebowski fans here wanting to build their own bowling alley with Bitcoin? Recently saw that you can now do so in Germany with Brunswick. Bitcoin abides!
1 BITCOIN = 33.43 OUNCES GOLD IS IT UNDERVALUED ?
Where to learn how to leverage trade?
What will happen to mining farms when the last coin is mined?
I’ll be 18 in 15 days, can’t wait to purchase some ethereum 👑👑
Savings in Bitcoin
ECB just promised to support the Bitcoin Moon Mission and decided to donate some extra Euros towards the rocket fuel.
thinking of lump summing in today, is it better to wait a few days/weeks?
Bitcoin mining
Bitcoin mining
Bitcoin mining
As we are riding towards new ATH, we can’t forget one of the best bitcoin video memes that carried us here
Bitcoin mining
How do i mine Bitcoin?
Just bought a moon of bitcoin
Bitcoin mining
Crypto Mining Equipment at the lowest price ever! 35% reduced price!
Seeking advice!
Each bitcoin is 2000 acres of land
3.7 Million BITCOIN lost in the Junkyard
BTC HELP
Buy The Nip
Nearly there!
Peter Schiff Finally Loses Bitcoin Battle as Son Goes All-in on BTC
It pays to support Bitcoin. Sorry, Oracle!
Can anyone help me? i have 16k $ for now on bitcorte does anyone know how i can extract them?
Solidarity is currency
SOS is GME number 2 ... SOS (BTC) ... short 147%
This is the correct reply yea? :)
New ATH!! Can they please also send stimulus checks to Germany!
I own nothing and....
Fair Crypto Pump Group! Discord trying to reach the users to start pumping!
Bitcoin at a fresh new record measured in EURO: €48200
SOS is gme number to...SOS (BTC)...short 147%
Is there a thoretical limit on how high the value of a bitcoin can go?
Billionaires and whales storing btc
How does bitcoin millionaires and whales store their Bitcoin? On the Ledger lol?
Technical analysis: Bitcoin is on the way to 60.000!
Daily Bitcoin News March 10th, 2021
How do whales manipulate market?
PI coin price prediction and will its release raise price of Bitcoin.
A little infograph I made for newbies to better understand different types of crypto/digital coins. (Suggestions and/or critics are welcome)
$64 Billion Asset Manager Files Bitcoin ETF Proposal
Bitcoin fixes this.
Can’t fix stupid
What is going on with the big tx?
Stairway to Heaven Formation
Selling at 100k and rebuying at the next pullback?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Biden signs stimulus. Buy Bitcoin !!! #BullRun
It’s a real struggle
Would you put all your tax refund and third stimulus check into Bitcoin? Why or why not?
OK. STOP posting about how hard it is to NOT sell your Bitcoin at these prices! For the love of God. Watch this video, then get a damn marshmallow, and practice.
Proving ownership without sending
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Just bought $25 worth of Bitcoin 😎
NFT Immutability Debate Grows as Tokenized Tweets Get Deleted and NFT Images Are Replaced
Rep. Warren Davidson Reintroduces Token Taxonomy Act
Which one should I buy
how to get private keys in omni wallet
BTC Proxy Offers the Only Way to Stake Bitcoin
The first-ever Bitcoin post on Reddit got downvoted.
Lyn Alden | New Monetary System | Decentralisation | Bancor | Bitcoin | Libra
great browser and earn free bitcoin 😃😃😃
Tax Question
Three Reasons Why Cryptocurrency is Taking Off
BITCOIN: Is a 40% Pullback Likely ?
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Rebalance portfolio towards BTC without triggering taxable event
Montenegro is ‘milking’ Bitcoin for all it’s worth: first cow is sold for BTC in the Balkans
Where can I find an I forma tone video of both bulls and bears discussing or debating the merits of bitcoin?
Localbitcoins stealing people's BTC?
Bitcoin
That feeling when you track the price day by day😮
Excellent longread analyzing bitcoin's network effect and dominance
Fungibility...
The Bitcoin Mining
XRP any word on the settlement?
Is it gonna run to a new high?
Officially one year since COVID-19 declared a global pandemic
Get Your Nexo Card Earlier
Hard wallets?
Bitcoin Earnings on STX so far
Anthony Pompliano DESTROYS "Stock Analyst" On Crypto
found this in my failing mall today... it's happening!!!!
Donate Bitcoint fractions to Shmootato
Calculate yearly effective fees GBTC / QBTC / BTGB.UN / BTCC.B / BTCX.B
Hotei Energy - STO token offering to build an amazing crypto based energy / oil &amp; gas company. Check them out
Loan vs Borrow
How do you keep from selling at ATH?
Will bitcoin still be useful in the future?
All time high for Bitcoin in Euros € - US Dollar is next....
One bitcoin concern.. EMP Blast 💥
Question about taxes and source of data, please help!
Still waiting for more. #BuyTheDip
will hold 0.0467
Why we don't Shitcoin, a post written by Udi Wertheimer - Send this to your Shitcoiner friends.
Want a laugh, watch these CNBC guys left speechless by BEEPLE's NFT.
Scammer alert
LET'S START A MOVEMENT - Let's start talking about the BTC value per 1 SATOSHI (= $ 0'00057416 USD), SO THAT people start seeing it as not so expensive. They are NOW focused on 1 BTC = $ 47K which they see as expensive, and they fear it as LATE TO GET IN. So, let's re-focus on the spendable unit
Is Bitcoin a Store of Value?
Quick question
Convo with boomer dad lol
The Paradox of Cryptocurrency Valuations
Any fiat exchanges (non-P2P) that don't require KYC?
Sell my Bitcoin for a vehicle?
The Running of the Bitbulls!
Question
Bitcoin is better
US &amp; EU Money Printers, Mt. Gox's Karpeles on Rehabilitation Plan + More News
Waiting on that fiat...
Mining bitcoin sli 1080ti
US luxury hotel brand to begin accepting Bitcoin payments
Can somebody please explain to me how Bitcoin is not a scam and a massive Ponzi scheme that is also killing the planet with its massive energy use ?
Anyone shorting today?
Rep. Warren Davidson Reintroduces Token Taxonomy Act
Create a free account | Binance
How do I owe more taxes than profits for BTC capital gains?
I‘m in and i want to say sorry
Anyone got insides on anything related to BTC+ APPL!?
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Adam Skelly of Adamson BBQ - Challenging the Government 'Lockdowns' in Canada
Nft-myself
Peter Schiff: "My son @SpencerKSchiff went all in on #Bitcoin .."
Paying for NFT Digital Art auction at Christie's - Must use an exchange wallet
When someone says bitcoin wastes so much power, context matters.
Changelly App
Peter Schiff's Son Spencer Converts 100% Portfolio to Bitcoin
Here we go again!! ECB signals faster money-printing to keep lid on yields
Bring on the institutional support
Want to invest in bitcoin but stuck when I start thinking about it.
Your Opinion on when I should invest more?
New Comer. Do you think bitcoin will dip soon or is now a decent time to buy?
I am evaluating whether to include Bitcoin in my portfolio and wanted to get your opinion on this article written by a leading asset management firm which seems to be rather negative
Currency or an Investment
END DAY
I LOVE MAKING BITCOINS ONLINE !!!
How To Profit From The 2021 Cryptocurrency Bullrun
Bitcoin is Portfolio Viagra.
crude oil mining comapanies using flare gas to mine bitcoin
Advantages and Disadvantages of Business Funding
It might be an interesting weekend for Bitcoin: Deposits from Stimulus check started being deposited already
Bitcoin Users Beware of Uphold as An Exchange
Theres something swimming in the waters
Buying BTC
WisdomTree files to launch a US bitcoin ETF, joining a growing list of firms seeking SEC approval
Bitcoin seems to face Lots of resistance to push beyond 60000.
The Congolese Mountain of Gold: Surprise Discovery in Africa Shows Metal’s Scarcity Is Hard to Prove
Probando Bot telegram Binance
NANO and HBAR, worth It?
Google Trends: “Bitcoin” is Now Searched Twice as Much as “Covid-19”
Cheers
Crypto's Fastest Growing Casino
Governança urbana
MicroStrategy buys another $15M in Bitcoin
Would you play a VR game where you collab with others to launch planetary innovations while earning crypto and save the 🌍?
Bitcoin to the moon!
Another stupid idea... Look, if you have to use a retirement platform, buy one that mirrors Bitcoin as closely as possible. But first off, if you can, just buy the damn Bitcoin!
Bitcoin Race from 2009 to 2020
Recovering wallet with seed phrase?
Interesting anomaly in price chart
NO, seriously though...here's a solid finite Bitcoin head scratcher
A letter to all crypto holders
Does mining or cremation use more energy?
Invested 10k in anchor usd and 5k into PayPal bit coin. I do good? Hopefully in a few years it’s worth some money :)
Quick Question Regarding Mining Rewards
check this one out
Is it possible to ”gamble-restrict” your bitcoins?
SOMEONE EXPLAIN... IM KINDA SLOW!
MC GREEN DOT HUNTING CREW OPEN. Millions of Minnows attacking the green dots in the cipher. In Honor of the Genius who is Crypto Face
Are you trading on BYBit using MC? How bout we start our own Millions of Minnows crew dedicated to the preservation of all. Would you like a crew that rides the blue waves and pac mans those green dots all for one and one for all? In honor of the genius who is Crypto Face
A Sign
Why Bitcoin Will Eat Gold
What type of scam is this? (I was playing along to see what he was gonna say)
Bitcoin: A Good Year
Bitcoin will $2,75,000 USD to $1,000,000 USD in 2025
Strike have paired up with Moon to give 5% cashback on *any* online Visa purchase, and crazy easy to turn back into crypto using Strike's good-as-free automatic fiat &gt; Lightning wallet sending
🚨 HOLD THE LINE ALL FELLOW HODLERS
Bitcoin
I'm shadow banned? Can someone comment to disprove, thx.
Best Exchange For Interest Earning?
Fiat vs Bitcoin
Thinking of investing £1000 in Bitcoin
I’ve been seeing a lot of questions about BlockFi and how it works with they’re interest payments, so if you’re curious and ready for a good read, here you go.
Trouble with recovery
Deflationary Supply
Bitcoin Market Cap Breaks $1 Trillion As BTC Price Surges Again
Rauol Pal Waxes Poetic About Bitcoin And His "Irresponsible" Investment
Bitcoin Bulls Just Got A New Friend - The Bitcoin Cow, Bitkoinka
Market up 6.9M? Someone help me understand
"Email first entered limited use in the 1960s and by the mid-1970s had taken the form now recognized as email.'-wikipedia | This video shows how to send an Email in 1984.
A glitch in the matrix.
DaftCoin
How do big exchanges store Bitcoin?
Amazon Gift Card
It's over folks bitcoin has been flipped.
Bitcoin is now 2nd in coinmarketcap. FLOW hits 110 trillion market cap 😂🚀
I designed this gym bag. Do you think it's cool?
Searching for cryptocurremcy tax advice
Bitcoin não rompeu o topo histórico 🤔 será um topo duplo
What happened to the meme pool @ about 9:15am?
what reports the value a bitcoins is exchanged for?
Should I Buy BTC Now Or Wait?
what reports the amount of money a bitcoin is sold for?
Can someone explain me what the fuck is this
New Pump Group
[hiring] If You Have USA Coinbase With Card Limit Come Here
Spanish Ministry of Economy Proposes to Create a Financial Customer Ombudsman for Crypto-Related Matters
Bitcoin is seriously the future.
She was explaining Bitcoin to us when it was only $20 and we didn't listen!
What Crypto/bitcoin YouTube channels are you following?
mining network
What's your plan to build your stack?
Please help me understand Binance transaction fees
Pomp vs Jason on Bitcoin &amp; The Environment "Bill Gates Doesn't Understand Bitcoin" - March 12th 2021
Stimulus coming in hot!
found my lost account from 2019 and now I can finish my bachelor's degree
Does the explorer show the date a transaction was initiated or the date it was confirmed?
instant cloud
Free 20$ with this link. No obligations
French government is going to auction 611 bitcoins confiscated before the big bullish
bitswapex - Is it legit, and can I withdraw without depositing?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
What makes Bitcoin different?
It seems like the only thing that can stop Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is a coronal mass ejection large enough to wipe out all power on the earth.
It seems like the only thing that can stopped Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is a coronal mass ejection large enough to wipe out all power on the earth.
We are now accepting bitcoin for payment. It's been tough as most companies like btcpay said CBD is to risky for them.
Seems like the only thing that can stop Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies is a large enough coronal mass ejection that will knock out all power across the world.
If you send to this wallet 1$ BTC : 1LRdw246EksDryFHE1GYDcq6DyA1wQBpp2 --&gt; you well get 1000$ automaticly in your wallet
Governança urbana
Bitlocity has Launched!Watch the bitcoins roll to your wallet!!
Discussing Taproot Activation Through Speedy Trial
Found a New Reason to HODL - Taxes
Why I'm bullish, even at these prices
Can someone explain what happens to the bitcoin when i move it into my wallet?
iJustine (1.7M followers) on Twitter (about buying a Tesla right now): "They said I can’t buy in Bitcoin yet so I’m sad. I’ll continue to HODL I GUESS"
Hello
The whales are at it again!
I don't look at the price of gas before filling up
Good bitcoin advice
The night of March 12, 2020 💸 - BitMex crash
Impending collapse and then rebound? Thoughts?
I'm new in BTC and have some questions about...
Btc under 18
Need your help, plss open the link 😎
Bitcoin Dad Joke
1 Millon
Earn and claim $1000 today giveaway
Tesla X Musk giving away 5000 Bitcoin !
A Ledger nano x question... can i install ledger live on another fresh laptop and then connect my ledger device, without resetting it?
And another stolen address Btc
Switzerland, Netherlands, and Slovenia amoung the most Crypto friendly countries.
How safe is blockfi exactly?
Ethereum’s Buterin Highlights Layer-Two Rollups as Potential Scaling Solution
Is it possible to use my debit card on coinbase to buy BTC instantly after registering my bank on the website with the same card?
I was selected from the BitBoy Bitcoin contest but I don’t have a BC wallet, can I exchange this somehow to be sent to my ETH wallet?
Here comes another $2 Trillion infrastructure package. This will ultimately be great for Bitcoin as well as Gold
Capbitex SCAM?
Stimulus ACH transfers just began - scheduled for 3/17.
Bitboy free bitcoin contest, have you seen it?
American Residential Warranty (ARW) Invests in Bitcoin (BTC)
Hovering 1,2 % below ATH. We still HODL!
This hovering 1, 2 % below ATH is annoying. It we still HODL
wants to learn how to make money from cryptocurrencies
Simple guide to cryptocurrency investing for dummies
Thoughts on exodus wallet ?
Buy Bitcoin with your bank account
(Need Advice)
Found ANOTHER wallet...
The Name of Bitcoin Discovered
Coinbase not allowing purchase
Bitcoins
How exactly does buying Bitcoin compare to short squeezing the financial system?
Don't Buy Bitcoin They Said
Hello from the Future! 👋🏼
Digital Silver: Why Litecoin Is Poised To Bounce Versus Bitcoin
Bitcoin is not a currency, stock, asset, gold replacement, bond or real estate.
WTF??? The stupidest project I have ever seen
Free money? I think so,Not spam lol
Is this non-profit being shady about their Bitcoin transactions?
Nice.
If you think bitcoin is just thin air, wait until you hear where government got the $1,900,000,000,000 from.
What does it take to be a bitcoin wallet developer and where do I learn this stuff?
Stimulus checks will hit American's bank accounts tomorrow. This is what happened on Coinbase last time:
If everybody would just hodl there would be no dips, in conclusion, the non-hodling, non-believing people are the only ones responsible that we see bitcoin decrease in value (questionmark)
Is this site controlled u deleted my post
It feels that I’m so late and it hurts when bitcoin goes up now. I was stoped buying Bitcoin 10 years ago... maybe I was not ready and now I’m ready for the rocket 🚀
Retirement strategies
Popularity of "bitcoin" as a worldwide search term in 2017/2018 vs. 2021
This is the newest project of him?
invest with Royal FX trading services for best copy trading always trade with them and stop losing your money... Reach out to them and believe me a trial will convince you • ⁠+44 7441 446943
Bitcoin wallet on old outdated phone that won't stay on.
Bitcoin
Feels like Bitcoin is a suburban bus driver on the school run.
https://btcmining.best/cpucap/bitcoin/ref/592001
A LOT HAS HAPPENED IN 1 YEAR
Is there a way to avoid paying withdrawal fees when withdrawing btc or eth to any wallet like exodus or atomic or whatever.
China May Target Tether after Digital Yuan Launch – B2C2 Japan CEO
Shower thought: save your HWW passphrase as a lyric from a favourite song...
Update from New York City, a lot is happening ... Cyrus Vance Jr. said he won't be running.
Mining Platform/Software Recommendations
I bought in today....
What is Stacks 2.0
Just saw this dude on the road.
The main advantages of the Bitcoin network
I bought Bitcoin as an early teen in 2013
New Satoshi Nakamoto Theory Female Collaborator (work in progress community support needed)
Old School Bitcoin Whales Are Moving: This Week a Single Entity Transferred 10,000 BTC Acquired in 2013
I went from a $300 experiment to finally being able to afford a tool I’ve lusted over for the past five years that will take my wood shop to the next level. What a wild time we get to experience.
PSA: Cobo Vault ships through Amazon
One Coin To Rule Them All (where's my Tesla update)
where to store bitcoin bought on square cash app
I started a 1000€ demo account this week and made 549€ profit , am i ready to jump into real btc trading? Or are demo and real accounts totally diferent? Thanks guys 💪🏽
Bitcoin Black Thursday One Year Later: What Happened and What’s Next
Am i ready?
Moving from Exodus To BlueWallet: Import Wallet or Send/Receive Funds
Someone just lost 3BTC (sent to confirmed scam)
Virtual Crypto-Mine
Quilter investment company
How to trade BTC and ADA directly P2P?
Bullish!! MicroStrategy adds another $15 million in bitcoin to its treasury holdings
Member of French Parliament Signs Petition That Urges Central Bank to Adopt Bitcoin
DaftCoin - Reflect binance smart blockchain
King Saylor to the rescue
Regarding Bitcoin minings impact on the environment
Join Celsius!
$ 1.9 billion in bitcoin
Question about the bitcoin endgame. Moon 2028+ adoption plus crash plus price.
What's your opinion on Satoshi's Vision and Today's Bitcoin
'Bitcoin Mechanism', you asked for it
Well well
Trading deposit
Art thee stacking sats?
Elon is growing more at peace with his Bitcoin investment : "BTC (Bitcoin) is an anagram of TBC(The Boring Company); both do mining &amp; use blocks &amp; chains!"
I cant sell my BTC
Binance chiefs respond to CFTC probe
Thinking of putting 10$ in every month
A petition asks French Parliament to allow central bank to hold bitcoin
Dropping GBTC Premium: Anonymous Group Claims Blockfi Facing Solvency Issues Due to Exposure to the BTC Trust
BTCS: Pioneer in Blockchain Space with Near-Term Revenue Growth
is it worth buying dogecoin today?
Evening all I purchased my first bitcoin today. Does anyone know where is the best place to sell it. I’m a bit worried keeping it in the house with it being worth £41,000 I’m planning to hold until around the 100k mark. Or can I just pop it in the bank.
What's better? Buying crypto with USDC on coinbase? Or buying crypto with USDC on uniswap?
Daily Bitcoin news March 11th, 2021
Off-topic but nevertheless quite interesting: Ross Ulbricht: Concept for a decentralized social media protocol.
Mining Space for Rent?
A guy celebrating Bitcoin reaching $195.
Bitcoin’s total market CAP is only 50% of “ U.S. COVID Stimulus, round 3” only... Marinate on that.
Trezor Connection issues on Windows but not Ubuntu
Mining at home still profitable?
Energy consumption
BTC ATM Machine
How to take full advantage of your coins.
Binary, decimal &amp; hexadecimal Explained|HINDI|
Is love enough?
Intelligent Cryptocurrency Masterclass
[Spreadsheet] I made a Cryptocurrency tracking spreadsheet complete with live crypto price updates, moon math, and a full history of your Portfolio and trading performance
CryptoQuant CEO: 5 Key Insights Into the Bitcoin Market
Inclusion to Empowerment: Bitcoin Can Hold the Key to the Unbanked
What would you say to this piece of propaganda to the unconvinced? That banking system is still worse, or...?
Peter Schiff Claims Grayscale Will Sell BTC to Fund DCG’s Acquisition of GBTC Shares Rebuffed
CFTC Investigates Binance Over Concerns That U.S. Traders Illegally Utilized Platform
Stayed up all night working on the Magic Internet Money website. Home of the Official Bitcoin Wizard merch. Let mavensbot know what you guys would like to see added. Enjoy!
Currently
Stock up now or wait for the dip?
WHAT DO YOU THINK THE HIGHEST VALUE OF THE BITCOIN WILL BE? MY GUESS=80K
What's the advantage of Liquid or any other sidechain / scaling solution over the Lightning Network?
Currently
As a response to the SolarWinds hack who thinks US gov't should target dark mining pools in Russia?
Has anyone else received a Xapo unclaimed BTC notice?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
What makes Bitcoin different?
Bitcoin is the Future of Money: A Better, Faster Version of Gold Says Alex Tapscott
The rich get richer
🚀Crypto Art for a bear market
Hi
Savings into BTC?
Last year on this date, Bitcoin Crashed to $4,000. Today it is up 1,387% from that low price
First they came for the ICOs
I will by Bitcoin from anyone!
The Crypto Chernobyl
Projecting interest rates on BTC deposits?
Exercise Your Democratic Rights against the CFTC and SEC
The new BEN Drowned April Fools video is going to be giving out free bitcoin to viewers
Introducing The Biz podcast series, and the “crowdwall” payment scheme
When do you think is the next dip?
Crypto investment website Zenlea Group a scam?
First they came for the ICOs
BIG AUTOFAUCET(Autoclaim) LIST 2021
Crypto.com or Blockchain if you had your choice of only these two what one would you use?
Will Bitcoin survive the next crash?
Bitcoin Acceped 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 Www.Elektro-Sa.de
Puell multiple nears red zone last seen at 2017 peak?
Stimulus bill: $1,900,000,000,000. Bitcoin market $1,010,000,000,000. They created more dollars out of thin air than the total value of the bitcoin market. We are still so early.
ULTRAMIXER is a scam
Are my GBTC calculations correct?
Website that i can buy bitcoin??
Bitcoins that are permanently lost
Bitcoin's annual electrical energy consumption is higher than all current EVs, annually
MicroStrategy ignores critics to add a further $15 million of Bitcoin (BTC) to its reserves
Rsi is drunk?
Unconfirmed transaction
Porn
Who makes the rules for BTC ?
Help! Locked out of CB account with $100,000 +. Cannot access CoinBase support. Please upvote so I can get their attention
BTC HYPER-STEP
Just an reminder for everyone thinking they know better.
Casascius coin blanks
Questions on soft forks
Bitcoin Astronomy Part III: First Contact
Since when did scammers get polite? Still byee
Mine bitcoin from your browser for free it is so easy! it uses a chrome extension and just leave it running for free! Free X2 Cloud.Boost – twice better mining
It’s tax season, do I have to file crypto taxes?
Earn Bitcoin in Call of Duty: Warzone this weekend!⚡🔫
Diamond Hands 💎💎 ✨✨
Why can’t you buy bread and milk with Bitcoin?
First Bitcoin purchase, how much can I make?
Couldn't buy the dip
How to Sign a Message with Bitcoin – Sign Message
For everybody trying to figure out they’re bitcoin taxes.
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, March 12, 2021
Auto training bot suggestions
Eth Fans are the MMT-ers of Crypto, BTC is Liberty
Earn $5 free Bitcoin per fast click an free
Spending crypto gains caused me to owe less tax this year. AMA!
Chinese Public Firm to Buy $155M of Bitcoin Mining Hardware
MicroStrategy Does Its Bitcoin Thing Again, Man Group CEO Warns + More News
Bitcoin is freedom
Microstrat buys more bitcoin. All to get your stimi checks.
PayPal is investing in a new business unit focused on crypto and digital currencies
Bitcoin Acceped 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 Www.Elektro-Sa.de
Since 2012 babyyyyy
Activating TAPROOT With SPEEDY TRIAL | Bitcoin Magazine March 12th
Happy Dance
Lost bitcoin wallet files but have passphrase. How can I access my BTC?
Came Across This Job Posting. Whose Up For It?!
END DAY
Has anyone borrowed against their Bitcoin to buy more?
Help with coinbase pro
Exit Strategy and Re entering
World’s Easiest Onramp for Crypto Beginners: From EUR in Your Bank Account to BTC or NIM in “Your-Keys-Your-Coins” Wallet in Under 5 Minutes
should i buy
Should i buy Bitcoin today or should i wait??
One bitcoin is currently worth 12,250 Chickens.
Bitcoins.inc domain name for sale
Recovering blockchain.info wallet from 24 words seed
🐶 DOGECOIN Instant Payment Bot [DOGE] 🎁 Get free DOGE every 15 min
Which Bitcoin Generation are you, just for fun.
We're obviously going to $69k ; )
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
How you feeling right about now?
Lolli app taxes
People saying: "I'm not going to cash out till BTC hits one million" still don't get it.
Will there even be another dip??
The crypto community just keeps growing!
Need advice
I also told this fool to sell his $25k car and buy BTC... too bad he thought I was kidding 🚀
All the bears are dead - Lil Bubble
Avoid BRD. There “network fees” have become outrageous.
Noob question
Buy,buying,will buy
Dear Elon Musk
Copay network connection error
If you bought btc at the height of the 2017 bubble, you would have tripled your returns now
Bitcoin prayer
ClimaTrade e carbono
Question my Theory
📈
$20,000 PROFIT TRADING BTC OPTIONS! #shorts
Free 2x bitcoin mining (limited time)
Congratulations Bitcoiners on the ATH! Have many of you got your stimulus checks yet?
If you're selling your Bitcoin...
Investing in bitcoin thru RH, what are any limits ?
Landed on the moon next destination MARS
"Warren Buffet To Invest Bitcoin Satoshi Vision"
What are your favorite bitcoin products or services? (whether it is an exchange, hardware wallet, trading platform, etc.)
BITCOIN is the best investment. EVER !
I sold 9,000 Ada today and bought .20000 Bitcoin
Ain’t no party like a 100k party...
Why is wrapped BTC slightly more expensive?
Any apps I can buy Bitcoin on without transfer fees? I currently use Coinbase
AlecMonoply Bitcoin
Any apps I can buy Bitcoin on without transfer fees? I currently use Coinbase
Bitcoins.inc domain name value?
Got a question on how bitcoin works
To all the one’s who have held on through thick and thin, congrats
Still holding on
Seems legit -- Daytona Beach, Florida.
Can we talk about how to be rich? How do we now live off this windfall when selling it is a bad idea?
Chalk Art
Www.thedarksideofthespoon.shop 🤣
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
Google failing me...
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
Gat $200 Amazon gift card
What these BBC consulted “analysts” don’t understand is that is not “due to the huge stimulus”, but because people will use the stimulus to BUY Bitcoin!
What do exchanges do with the fiat they receive?
I bought $500 of bitcoin in 2015. That was well over 2 btc. My co-worker made fun of me thinking I was a complete idiot...
Hold everything or sell initial investment?
Buying Bitcoin - When to stop
I'm sorry if I sound like a noob, but I have a question hehehe
WebDollar (WEBD)
Imagine being Apple sitting with $2.5 Billion in cash on the Sides.. waiting to lose it's Value
‘Bitcoin is Eating the Earth’ -Gates
AlecMonoply Art Going To The Moon! Bitcoin $100K Baby!!!!!!
BTC Custodians (CoinBase etc) and anonymity? How to remove financial intermediaries from BTC?
Question about Bitcoin Distribution and the top 1%
Total Crypto Market Cap is now above $1.8 Trillion!
He's either being coy and trying to further adoption or not even Michael Saylor gets it
Some Words On Crypto
Why Does MicroStrategy Continue To Feverishly Accumulate Bitcoin?
Sam &amp; Greg’s Pizzeria Gelateria in Alabama adds $200k in Bitcoin to their company treasury
Need help for my son he is handicap ♿
BTC correlation to Eth
CLOV
did you know 1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin?
I got some bitflakes for breakfast
bitcoin intro in 15 mins
Bitcoin stock or Bitcoin currency?
Find the bitcorn
Cash is trash!
BTC is never stopping
Bitcoin hit an all-time high — Here's why Warren Buffett still won't touch it
Why isn't bitcoin used in NFTs?
Can we talk calmly about ways to convince our social circles how to invest in BTC?
Have to watch!
Have to watch!
BTC could be your only friend...
How the fuck are we not urgently addressing this?
NFT and Bitcoin
Good or bad?
I realised no one ever uses the term ‘Satoshi’ for fractions of Bitcoins on here... just that they hold 1/4 or 10%.... I wanna see more use of the Satoshi!
Join here and HODL https://inorangepie.biz/10038226
Join here and HODL https://inorangepie.biz/10038226
Helium (HNT) Crypto | Honest Price Prediction | HUGE GROWTH AHEAD!
Where’s all the lambos at?
Anybody spend their stimulus check on BTC today?
Turkish Police Bust Crypto Scam that Kidnapped 101 People - Is this the beginning of the rise of Bitcoin "terrorist" organizations?
Legal or not?
Why would people buy bitcoin from a bitcoin ATM?
Ukraine's Energy Crisis Threatens To Derail Its Bitcoin Ambitions
Do I hold or sell my Bitcoin?
69 days to go for Bitcoin Pizza Day!
Has Binance done you wrong? SUE!!!
Lmao my portfolio value is more than 100$ for the first time, thankyou bitcoin
Found a little Bitcoin I forgot about from years ago, want to keep it growing, need a little advice.
Too much hype around the stimulus check
Finance gurus are waiting for Bitcoin to drop so they can say ‘I told you so.’ and make you feel bad for not buying their shitty book. Ignore and keep hodling
Why No-Coiners Should Buy $100 of Bitcoin
your just as smart as the smartest people in the world, you may just not have learned what they have learned yet
New person here
How the hell do I send someone BTC?
Safest ways to buy bitcoin and hardware wallets
Free Bitcoin every Hour
How it feels to own bitcoin
Does anyone know the average Bitcoin wallet size?
The face nocoiners will make as hyperbitcoinization continues and they finally realize that their wealth has been stored in and accounted by a centrally controlled abstraction of fractionally reserved fiat coupons that lost over 95% of their historical value per unit (and counting).
How much is "enough" bitcoin
understanding of crypto/blockchain questions
8949 Total proceeds/cost basis question
Remember when over $9,000 memes were a thing?
Will you put $1400 into bitcoin?
Me watching Bitcoin rise this week
APES
"Future Currency of The Earth" | DOGECOIN
Bomb Demons, Force Shows, NFT Everything and 20 Crypto Jokes
Dumb q
We are already in the "you win" stage. (Not about the price.) There is an issue, though.
ClimaTrade e carbono
Noob question about hyperinflation vs BTC price
This Bitcoin cake costs approximately 0.002 BTC
Great video explaining the likelihood of hyperinflation. Conclusion - Maybe, maybe not.
24 year old youtuber bought over 100 bitcoins during the crash last year. This is his video journal from the crash until now:
Why Bitcoin and not other crypto?
Join the community now first 20 to join will receive something special. Crypto uptrend is also looking for admins.
Bitcoin disappears from exchanges during the cryptocurrency bull market
How to invest in Bitcoin for newbies
Anyone investing using Bitcoin
I inadvertently starred in a viral video back in the dawn of the internet. Now I'm selling it as an NFT. Help me gain some traction.
Conan the Bitcoinian
[Question] How does hardware wallet like Ledger Nano work?
Bitcoin is now worth 12,000 chickens!
Highest Daily Candle Close in BTC's History!
💎👐
Bitcoin pierces $60,000 with a new all-time-high - but what now?
The day to start selling 😁
This is my first ever NFT, and, whaddya know, It's a Bitcoin Waifu! Placed and depicted in the beginning of her takeover, and her beginning of hurting the federal banks.
Who’s think $100k?
(Request) Can someone update the Levan Polka remix with the cat and the dancing girl. Adding in the stimulus and tax returns and now BITCOIN $60k!! I just want to vibe to it right now 😎
Grayscale Is Hiring a Crypto ETF Unit, Claiming the U.S. Will Soon Follow Canada's Footsteps
Why does bitcoin grow in cycles?
Swissborg community app great game (Win Chsb for free) =)
3 weeks ago, everybody was panicking. Where my long term holders at?
Do you know any reliable coin mixer?
I just sold and feel much safer now
That first spike in 2017 seems like a lifetime ago
What tax apps or software do you recommend?
imagine grocery store prices rising as fast as the price of bitcoin has risen in past year. That's what hyperinflation looks like and its caused by your government printing to much money brrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Why I think 61k is just the beginning!
I just got perma banned by the Instagram account @cabeza_patata for simply commenting "Truth &amp; Freedom will find its way in the long run" on an post full of fallacies against crypto. #FedAgentsGonnaCensor 😎
Help me get BITCOIN and earn Too
banks and bitcoin
Dip coming?
We should make a campaign for Biden's stimulus checks be monthly or even weekly
Bitcoin prediction model
Mining Test
Overheard on the East River ferry in Manhattan
It's surreal what's happening with bitcoin....
Is Exodus a good wallet?
instant cloud mining
Ppl say BTC needs electricity must forget that for their debit cards to work needs electricity too lmao !
Can you help me understand?
Bitcoin could have easily cleared the United States nation debt
We’re in a Bubble that’s Too Big To Fail (and it isn't Bitcoin)
Confused BTC Newbie
Don't delay BTC mining on your mobile this browser won't use your mobile device resources to mine bitcoin but instead makes a connection to the browser server service and mines bitcoin for you on their equipment free of charge
BTC to the Moon!
Bitcoin Chart: Am I doing it right?
And the tales of that sell wall would be told for generations to come.
N I C E
Whenever I see an ad on Facebook for a crypto exchange...
Ruh roh
Bitcoin rises 6.6% to $61,074
Apes on the moon.
Apes on the moon.
Just some humans with some human conversation.
I don't think investors should relate Bitcoins to stock investments
Newbie Here, Can't Believe What I'm Seeing!
recover scammed bitcoin and stolen cryptocurrency
Best way to change my dogecoin for bitcoin?
Bitcoin is a Bubbleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Survey Reveals 72% of US Accredited Investors Are Planning to Invest in Defi in 2021
Bitcoin exchange Binance's bitcoin supply is rising over the last 30 days
Cum subscribe to my new only fans
Binance bitcoin supply rises while the other fall?
I re-bought
New to this.
Is £500 bitcoin worth it?
Mask bought Bitcoin again?
Hello from the Future! 👋🏼
not selling
At this point, we have to assume that Peter Schiff has somehow placed a short sell on his own words.
Valkyrie Hopes to Launch ‘Innovative Balance Sheet ETF’ Backed by Companies Exposed to Bitcoin
Hello Any other methods I can use to make my Bitcoin go further ? Would loaning bitcoin be an option ? Sort of like leverage ?
Where are the places you will be going when you are rich from Bitcoin?
You can also make it happen..its a very easy thing to do...just take that decision you always wanted to take...
Emergency Press Conference - I F**ked Up Bitcoin
How, high are you?
Think I’ve been talking about Bitcoin too much with my family, this is the birthday cake they got me .
I tried to tell my friends and family last year... hard for me not to gloat today
I finally bought 1 bitcoin! The guy gave me a discount of only 50k!! What a deal. /s
Help: Having trouble with Market Cipher; scam or am I an idiot?
Energy fud
New to this
Should I Buy at all time high
Serious: What makes bitcoin better than other cryptos?
What does everyone think of these charts? This was made in November and has been crazy accurate so far.
Noob question about taking profits
Bitcoin to the moon
Transferred money but the bitcoin fee defaulted to 0.00001. Money is now stuck confirming. Can I resolve?
CryptoTab Browser
Anthony Pompliano Says Bitcoin Is Apex Predator of Financial Markets, Federal Reserve Has Outlawed Bear Markets
Trading Bitcoin as a foreigner in the US.
Withdraw from nice hash
NOBODY TOUCH NOTHING!
Crash and soar!!!!! The language that describes bitcoin.
60K
NOBODY TOUCH NOTHING!
The Bitcoin Bubble Myth
Do I buy now or wait until 60500
HODL ON
Listen up!
Typed my recovery phrase on Windows
Always the same..
how to make money online
Dashboard , supersize your forex profits!
Well everybody has a particular risk to reach a particular level....how about you hit me up lets make some possible trade happen down here
OKEx Adds PERP and Three More Tokens to Further Expand its DeFi Offering
Banned from Bitcoin Posts, WallStreetBets Turns to Crypto Miners
Bitcoin T-shirt
I was just gonna buy more BTC anyway
Stop saying to the moon! We already landed on the moon at 50k. We going to Mars babyyyy!!!!
New ATH on 61,600$
Dear Dad,
Elon should go all in at 69,420 $
To the mooooon...
WoW
BTC TO LEBANESE LIRA
Stimmy checks hit and Bitcoin is on the rise!
Sorry honey, its my hard earned money !
With all the mainstream attention BTC is now getting, is it possible the dip will never come ?
Made this 24kt gold leaf Bitcoin, finished it just in time for the 60K milestone!
Help getting started in crypto
Bitcoin is people's power!
How Is This A Good Thing??
Bitcoin is not a stock
Best platform to buy Bitcoin to transfer immediately?
Bitcoin and the end of loans (?)
More news like this and $BTC will fly even more
[GUIDE] I have created a step by step guide for the people who are new to Bitcoin and the market in general on how to buy with the lowest possible fees.
$69,420 is coming up
What you guys think. If the market really crashes one day, will it drop above our new ath at the atl?
Bitcoin OG Song
Up to 61K
Where is the rocket ship going?
Listened to NPR Financial News headlines and broadcast. Not a single mention of Bitcoin and its badass fucking all time high. This is still early days.
What ever happened to that guy who had to move his family into a camper cause he sold his house for bitcoin and then the 2017 bull market ended?
Bitcoin Forecast and Bitcoin Prédiction For next weeks 2021 | weekly forex forecast
I feel it !
Why Is Bitcoin Value Increasing Rapidly
Bitcoin hit $60k today but it's never too late to remind your friends and family that Bitcoin is dead because experts said so
Is Bitcoin a bubble that will pop in the near future?
Simple math for BTC hitting 100k
Taza de transferencia de bitcoin una locura
What are Bitcoin's largest obstacles over the next 10 years?
Buying with fiat profit
Should we expect a crash soon?
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
BTC knocking it out of the park
Bitcoin price breaks through $60000
It’s my money and I need it now!
CrazyAboutBitcoin
Bitcoin going crazyyy
61k and climbing
DCEP vs USD vs BTC - DCEP challenges the USD$ for global supremacy. Winner takes all?
61k+
Well hello
$100k closer than $0
The central banks once they'll realize that they got no choice other than accepting Bitcoin...
So does anyone buy/sell strictly using thier mobile smartphone?
Who else is waiting for Elon Musk to tweet another “Bitcoin is overvalued” twit so he can screw us again? 🤣
Why Does MicroStrategy Continue To Feverishly Accumulate Bitcoin?
60k take off
END DAY
Co-Founder Of Bitcoin ‘Farm’ Suggests Cryptocurrency Operations ‘Help’ Reduce Carbon Emissions
Now accepting Cryptocurrencies
India: The new Financial Law will "leave a window open" for people to own and experiment with cryptocurrencies
TA: Bitcoin Steadies Near $60K, Why BTC Could Surpass $62K
BitCoin Alternative
Bitcoin &amp; I just adopted a couple bald eagles
Can bitcoin fail?
What if the government created bitcoin?
Found a no fee trading platform for CANADIANS! finally!
Found Bitcoin in Joshua tree 🌲
Putting my bitcoin into USD
Me rolling into work after raking in a cool $84
SEC ‘Wants to Know How Much We Spend on Groceries,’ Say Ripple Execs
Crypto currencies are being accepted in the most unexpected places.
Trezor One Interface Bug or Faulty Hardware? Worked fine for 5 months. Now, Addresses appear distorted, can’t read legibly. How to fix?
Which consumes more power: Banks or Bitcoins?
The $1,000,000 Warren Buffet Bet
BTC was best-performing asset of past decade by 900%
BULL FLAG
"doge in space" NFT up for bid on rarible
With Bitcoin At $60k, Satoshi Nakamoto Is Now One Of The 20 Richest People On The Planet
Can someone tell me if these websites are scam websites that do bitcoin trading?
Trying to explain to my dad you don't need a whole bitcoin
Future Bitcoin Transaction Tax by Governments
Now that Bitcoin has hit its new ATH of $61,711.87, when do you think we will hit $100k?
BTC withdraw of exchange
How to Identify Bitcoin Scam?
How to Identify Bitcoin Scam?
BTC withdraw in Binance
I still can't believe i bought it at $500
Anybody else excited to see how GBTC does in the morning?
Using binance - need advice!
Next time someone complains Bitcoin using as much energy as Argentina, show them this charts on (1) inflation in Argentina is 40% and (2) costs of solar is going down fast (same for wind too...)
Binance market price is for reference only and is not the final transaction price
Fake concern for the environment and talking points
Found a ZERO FEE trading platform for Canadians, FREE Bitcoin on signup
Recommended Mining/BTC Situation?
BOUGHT NFT AND BLOCKFI BITCOIN CREDIT CARD SIGN UP
Bitcoin is an important social and economic experiment in human history
Whirlpool withdraw and UTXO mixing safe?
India to propose cryptocurrency ban, penalising miners, traders - source
Investors are throwing more money at the Bitcoin industry. Bitcoin Exchange BTSE Lands Fresh Funding at $400 Million Valuation.
Bitcoin will reach $70,000 before falling to $37,000 area
Free Bitcoin!!!
Investing $
How I’ve felt the past month
What is the difference between BTC-USD and ^NYXBT?
Noob to bitcoin😳😳😳
Free Bitcoin
Who would of New that little $5 or .00124184btc I traded on cashapp in 2019 would of been worth $75 today
Noob to bitcoin😳😳😳
Noob to bitcoin😳😳😳
India to propose cryptocurrency ban, penalising miners, traders -source
I'm investing in GME
Questions on how btc is taxed
Should I worry? ( Coinbase support)
PSA, beware of country bans Bitcoin posts any day now
Looking for some advice!!
Small amount of cash, is DCA worth it
Fund Manager Warns Bitcoin Is Pointless and ‘a Particularly Vile Asset Class’
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
10,001 BTC just bought
Should I wait until the dip?
New bitcoiner
How to buy bitcoin with my solo 401k
Bitcoin is the only constant in economics.
Zoom Out
earning bitcoin
Why is an SEC-approved bitcoin ETF better than investing in GBTC?
Zoom Out
Investing in bitcoin with little money
If you had 30$ credit to spend what are the top ways to spend it
Bitcoin Minded Investor Needed... comically large payoff available for anyone listening
Does anybody know details on this other than CNBC source? "India to reportedly propose cryptocurrency ban, penalizing miners and traders."
Just posted on Seeking Alpha, Does anyone know about this? "Bitcoin pulls back on report of coming India ban."
Gauge Theory Does Not Fix This | Or, why do intellectuals oppose Bitcoin?
Oakland Athletics selling full-season suites at new price: One Bitcoin
2020 was the best year EVER!!!
Whales dumping
If Your Goal is to be wealthy, then I highly recommend this
Bitcoin Is The Greatest Asset In Human History
Bitcoins stolen from paper wallet
Axieinfinity *20 by end of year ... 1000)=20,000
This is the newest project of him?
This is the newest project of him?
Epic Bitcoin Meme Compilation
It was worth $5k few years ago. I don't have anyone to share this with
India's crypto ban
India to propose cryptocurrency ban, penalising miners, traders: source
I finally showered for the first time since 40k
For those of you that take Fiat loans out using your bitcoin as collateral, what is maximum percentage of your stack that you will post as collateral?
CitiGPS-owned by CitiBank, put out a 108 page breakdown of bitcoin. This is Bullish AF.
BTC balance?
Unable to withdrawal crypto from Bitrue
Bitcoin surpasses the $60,000 mark for the first time
https://youtu.be/BpxDK8fY8oo دعم لقناتي من فضلكم
French government is going to auction 611 bitcoins confiscated before the big bullish
Lot of resistance here at 60k
Earn Free Cryptocurrency Here
A bitcoin Pokemon card I created. Who's holding?
Bitcoin on 🌚 Monday
Reuters: India to propose cryptocurrency ban, penalising miners, traders -source
Finanças blockchain
Once Bitcoin hits $100K, how long do you think it will hover below and above that price before moving forward?
Bitcoin's true market value in a post-adoption or post-fiat future.
Thoughts on HBAR in the short term?
You can't fit a bitcoin in a g-strip
India to propose cryptocurrency ban, penalising miners, traders
The voyager app is giving $25 free Bitcoin with this promo . In March Bitcoin interest is 6.25% on voyager.
Bitcoin Jackpot at the End! Created by T.J. as a Slot Machine 4 #22 of only 24 minted!
LETS MAKE BITCOIN CRAZY!!!
Trying to explain to my dad you don't need a whole bitcoin
The infrastructure bill will be good for bitcoin
One million dollar tweet
CryptoTransylvania🇷🇴 @TransylvaniaBTC We share the best daily cryptoNews Like Follow Retweet
Sick of sitting on the sidelines (update)
ScryptCube Cloud mining SCAM Alert
Top 10 Coins Mentioned on Twitter in March📣 $BTC 2,051,135 $DOGE 317,117 $ETH 263,667 $CAKE 162,548 $ADA 99,423 $CHZ 91,925 $POLS 84,293 $LINK 70,064 $KLV 63,848 $SUSHI 48,954 #Bitcoin #Ethereum #Dogecoin #Polkastarter #Pancakeswap #Cardano #Chiliz 👉https://t.co/AgXao7y3eB https://t.co/drz3SVSE
Credit cards or similar that provide a percentage back in BTC?
Master Penif NFT concept art
HODL
Bitcoin Auction Tomorrow - Monday - 14/March/2021
Did you know that you can get Bitcoins just by using your browser? Simply download and install the CryptoTab Browser and start using it. It doesn’t matter what you do: browse the Internet, check social media networks, use streaming services;As simple as that! Check it out!
Having an abundance of bitcoin has started to negatively impact my attitude and view of reality.
Bitcoin Bull Run ENDS On THIS Date. This time is different with larger adoption, yet bear cycles are normal just like bull ones - lots of bull run left but something to plan for.
Any animo for mobile apps to control Bitcoin nodes?
Elon Musk Wants Coinbase to List Dogecoin as the Cryptocurrency’s Adoption Grows
Miner Backlash Over Fee Upgrade Provokes A Countermove by Ethereum Devs
Uncharted #5 - 14th March
Stimulus goals
Bitcoin Will Drop to 58000 then go Up again...
2021 Guide to Cryptocurrency Insurance
Everyone in the world owns more Bitcoin than me!
How do I get paid?
TRUSTWALLET GIVEAWAY TO COMMUNITY
TRANSACTION CONFIRMED BUT NOT RECEIVED...???
Oakland A’s selling full-season suites at new price: One Bitcoin
Meaning Of The Message In The Bitcoin Genesis Block
Beginner Question: What exactly is a Bitcoin?
My personal moon dream...fuxk a lambo
Reddit coin to Bitcoin
No fee purchasing on CoinbasePro
Just finished the book The Bitcoin Standard
Easy Crypto earnings
Own the exclusive 1 piece NFT of "Burning Desire"
Bitcoin - bull or bear?
doge
BTC on Yoroi
BTC node questions
Don't sell
Blockchain account hacked?
I've finally gotten on the bitcoin boat
Peter Schiff trembling when bitcoin reaches ATH
So I thought I knew a lot about Bitcoin
Bitcoin Is Scarcer Than Gold and This Can be Proven in Code, Gold Scarcity Based on Faith and Unreliable Estimates
Holding SP 500 index fund shares for decades cause bitcoin always crashes
Have around €15.000 in altcoins, convert amount into Bitcoin?
Family trades
Bought a camera for half my coins in August 2020 and have not regretted it
How to securely hodl Bitcoin and generate passive income?
I`m an Expert inf Forex/Binary Options Trade, Bitcoin Miner. I teach bitcoin and how to trade in forex
At grocery store . Milk ... check, pie... check , Bitcoin...check !!!!
Here’s some art I made, called “Bitcoin Shrine”
What platform can I use in buying bitcoin in Iran,please help me🙏🙏🙏
“You could take that as a sign that Bitcoin has failed. Or if you put that chart in the context of the Gartner "hype cycle" chart, you could say that we just went through inflated expectations and now we are into the real work.” ~ Fred Wilson on bitcoin in 2011.
how can I see all content of your channel, to be sure that is not a duplicate??? Is an youtube interview maybe is on many places!!! Saylor's Message to...
Oakland A’s become first team to accept Bitcoin for tickets
how can I see all content of your channel, to be sure that is not a duplicate??? Is an youtube interview maybe is on many places!!! Saylor's Message to...
“You could take that as a sign that Bitcoin has failed. Or if you put that chart in the context of the Gartner "hype cycle" chart, you could say that we just went through inflated expectations and now we are into the real work.” ~ @fredwilson on #bitcoin in 2011.
I found this amazing opportunity and I just wanted to share with everyone!! Don’t miss out!! Trust me! I’m using it my self and it’s fantastic. Please use referral code ( bdgkyfm2hj ) @WASHSHINE1 #entrepreneurs #crytopcom #cryptocurrencies #doge #NFTs #nonfungibletokens
how can I see all content of your channel, to be sure that is not a duplicate??? Is an youtube interview maybe is on many places!!! Saylor's Message to....
EARN 1$ in BTC OR PAYPAL - EVERY 5 MINUTES
Crypto mining equipment with 35% Reduced prices - Start mining crypto today
Please help with move Bitcoin between platforms? Or moving between wallets? The whole process is just not clicking for me.
found an old newspaper in my dad's room that says (bitcoin has broke the 10k barrier)
Best App to Buy/Sell -Withdraw/Store Cryptos
Wallet Migration Gotchas?
My f*cking eyes hurt from checking my portfolio
Intelligent Cryptocurrency
I found a thing where you can stay AFK and get 0,50$ per day!
Old but gold
How to buy bitcoin for my father's 83rd birthday and give it to him?
Did I fuck up by telling my parents how much BTC I have?
Thoughts on Bitcoin ETF?
Pi network
Laser eyes in effect
Michael Saylor's Message to Apple, Tim Cook, Microsoft &amp; Amazon Buy Bitcoin March 10 2021
Is there a Coinbase alternative for Mexico?
Create a free account | Binance
Literally mine Bitcoin while browsing the internet...Sign me up. Plus it’s free so you decide 🚀
Can the Bitcoin community help support an open-source project? NIM has already done an excellent job!
Bitcoin's surge beyond $60,000 means that famed programmer Laszlo Hanyecz effectively paid $613 million for two pizzas
Polygon!! #elon
Bitcoin attracts people from all along the political spectrum.
What do you do when Bitcoin reaches your "price target"?
Satoshi/Aaron Swartz drunk spew
$6,680 Bitcoin - Stimulus Check
2021 BTC Trends to Keep Your Eye On
What’s the better platform and why?
2021 Bitcoin Trends to Keep Your Eye Out For
Crypto.com is going to be huge!!!
How Crypto has been helping me get a brand new Fender Stratocaster 86 for my brother
Join the Satoshi's Data Discord Server!
I will put 40% of my net worth in it over time
How Crypto has been helping me get a brand new Fender Stratocaster 86 for my brother
Wow, what a run yesterday. March 13, 2020 to March 13, 2021 tip-to-tail a run from $3,858 to $61,788. As amazing as crossing $60k was, that was a 1 year run of as much as 1,602%. Insanity.
#BCH to the moon?
Will #BCH fo to the moon?
Srsly WTF is going on with the diamond eyes on everybody’s profile pic??! That shit is creepy af!!
Noob here, how do I access my Bitcoin through this?
French Lawmaker Signs Petition to Allow Central Bank to Buy and Hold Bitcoin
Poltergeist Exchange Partners With Ghost by McAfee to Release a Private Stable Coin and Privacy Exchange
Been searching for like 3 months, finally a pure gold bitcoin is available. May have to bid on this thing, looks sweet
60k is just the beginning 🙌💎
Just Buying Isn't Enough...
what could happen when bitcoin hits 100k?
So I want to get into BTC, but deciding on where to buy and hold them!
Oakland Athletics accepting Bitcoin
Dip
Is it possible to estimate what price range Bitcoin will fall to when the market becomes bearish?
Oakland A’s selling suites priced in Bitcoin.
US could buy $trillion in bitcoin
Nice timeline of Institutional Investments/Interest: "A new wave of institutional interest has boosted bitcoin. Here are the key players getting involved, from JPMorgan to PayPal. "
Bitcoin is a leaderless
#shib$ #shibainu
Barstool's Dave Portnoy: 'I F---ed Up Bitcoin'
I saved those sites on the bookmarks when I started dabbling with Bitcoin. The price doesn't change, so it's like a record form the past. Good times.
Advice on contributions to Bitcoin investing over the next 7-10 years (planning for retirement)
mBTC rather than BTC
4 Years ago (as of yesterday) I made this Reddit account to keep up to date with developments in Bitcoin and crypto. It's been a hell of a ride so far, excited for the next 4 years
OFFER-DEMAND RULE, SIMPLICITY
German: Bitcoin und die Corona-Krise
Dear Family, Dear Friends, A letter to all of you who still have no bitcoin.
I don’t really like Michael Saylor
Best bitcoin tracking app?
Hmm
💸 Earn free BTC and multiply your crypto with BetFury BOXes 📦 Enjoy the easy way to get cryptocurrency! Real rewards every 20 min 💥
Help me choose a hardware wallet
Cut chart tracing Bitcoin price with halvenings
Light-hearted humor anyone?
i am buying BTC on coinbase, how do i transfer it safely to cold storage?
HODL
Then he would be $ETH Rogan
Finally a real pure gold bitcoin coin is available.
What wallet to use back in 2009
$ 34 Million Bitcoin Will Go On Sale This Week With Auction
How does buying bitcoins work?
Bitcoin und die Corona-Krise
Buy?
My unfortunate Bitcoin Story - A lost 300k opportunity
Congrats on being part of the 1%
Got the Omega Speedmaster Moonwatch. With the moon times coming, this felt necessary. No I didn’t use BTC, but that filthy fiat.
Made my first transaction with Bitcoin today!
Difference between wallets that give 12 word phrase back up and that give wallet.dat backup?
Sparkpoint (SRK) to the MOON
Got SUPER lucky and sold my bitcoin at Exactly 61k!
You’re only crying just because there’s no return now
My Coinbase account was hacked and sent $11,000 of Bitcoin Cash to 2 separate unknown wallets. I desperately need help.
The Past Month
Pomp vs Jason on Bitcoin &amp; The Environment "Bill Gates Doesn't Understand Bitcoin" - March 12th 2021
I still can't believe I bought in at $8,000!!!
What kind of transaction fee does this need?
Can someone tell me how to buy an entire Bitcoin before it hits 100k?
Will Joe Biden's Stimulus Plan Cause the US Economy to Overheat?
Linus Tech Tips just did a video on mining Crypto to get Bitcoin
Those 2 pizzas cost about $613,000,000 today.
how can i mine bitcoin anonymously from my government?
Bitcoin &amp; Traditional Investing
Made this funny meme vid where wojaks tries the crypto market
Decentralized Finance, or DeFi, has been a big topic in the industry for awhile now but many of you (especially people new to the space) have lots questions about it. In this Livestream, Andreas answers your questions about DeFi.
Can I transfer Bitcoin from Blockfi to cold wallet like a ledger??
How do I get paid
Hey please support me on cryptotab legit free bitcoin mining
Oakland Athletics accepting Bitcoin as currency!
Rolling over my 401k to crypto
Polices knocked on my door for paying tuition with gift cards that i bought with bitcoin
this Detroit based audio company now accepts crypto for their mastering/mixing services.
Bitcoin Could Completely Replace $5 Trillion FX Market As Base Layer Currency, Says Max Keiser
Have you noticed many posts mentioning BTC just before that shitcoin?
can someone donate bitcoin
Student Coin IOC Bonus code: Exlkfq5xmw
Why does when bitcoin decreases value all other coins start going down as well? Why are there general dips if each coin represents a different project?
Now there’s no excuse to get started with lightning
Where next?
Lost footage of the Meghan &amp; Harry interview
DeFi Discussion w Andreas
Nothing was the same after I sold the last dip.
How I’ve been feeling the past month
What I learned in almost 4 years of trading.
I accidentally bought Bitcoin for $490,000 some how....?
Bitcoin hits new all time highs as institutions are buying 35% of the su...
Where to NEXT?
The past month
Sold 3 btc for $33k
What if Bitcoin reach..?
Screw it, I'm going all in!
Is this a scam?
2 Simple Questions
Bitcoin and laser eyes on a billboard for the Libertarian party ahead of the Dutch national elections
QUESTION about investing
END DAY
Not fud - f2pool and market manipulation
Grow a pair and buy the dip
https://youtu.be/GzDlP3mM-bU
When did you buy in?
Please help me understand how to read blockchain transactions
Buying btc with PayPal
Live USB for Bitcoin
One day
Round Two: Bitcoin opportunity with a story.
Satoshi’s vs fractional Bitcoin
Tendências blockchain
Recover Lost Bitcoins
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
instant cloud mining BTC
Look at all of these 6s and 9s 😏
I want to see $48,000 USD per Bitcoin
THEY WANT YOUR BITCOIN
YOLO!
Bought the dip, averaged down and finally at 0.02BTC. I don’t totally know what all that means but I love it!
I have a superpower
“Misty” Bb Real Book
My Journey to $1 Million | Updated 3/15
Get free amazon gift card
He knows 😎
Iron hands baby!!!
Personalized single web pages for ANY bitcoin
Where will bitcoin head to this week?
Personalized single web pages for ANY bitcoin
Considering liquidating 4K+ of my 15K+ Index Fund contributions in my ROTH IRA account to invest in BTC. Should I keep the money in my ROTH IRA and put it in GBTC, Coinbase, or another BTC-based stock, or take the 4K+ out of my ROTH IRA account and use it to buy BTC/ETH on a cryptocurrency exchange?
Bitcoin earn interest
The Dip is Good
I earned over $1200 worth of bitcoin in 3 weeks
What's your ATH prediction this year.
Investing
YOU SHOULD AVOID PAYPAL AT ALL COSTS.
Just bought $2000 #thedip
A dunk right before many Americans will have access to their stimulus funds on Wednesday? Oooo ya, bitcoin! You know what I like.
Question about crypto loans.
Greatest trader of all time!
Ooo hell yeah
Can someone explain why...
Mizuho Bank Survey Says $24 Billion in US Stimulus Checks May Be Used to Buy Bitcoin
Unpopular Opinion: this sub is full of moon boy's that hate on anyone even SUGGESTING that bear markets exist.
Crypto Market Sentiment Nears the Positive Zone; Ethereum Gets the Crown
Buy Bitcoin With 0% Credit Card Fee — Steemit
The US federal government is considering a $4T infrastructure bill.
Grow a pair and buy the dip
Noob question
You can't predict weather but you can predict climate. #bitcoin price is just like that. I can't tell you what bitcoin price will be tomorrow, but in ten years I can say confidently it will be in six figures if not seven.
This world is crazy
Best canadian exchange for Bitcoin?
A huge part of the game I am working on will be the Bit Bank, and crypto currency. Wave of the future, am I right?
Just bought the dip and....
India will start step 2 in the Speculative Attack. We're all early.
Posting this link because so many people are being bitches today
How do I store my Bitcoin in cold storage?
How to get millionaire friends
Miner ThunderCore (TT) -
Okay, okay I try. Again
Inventing math. Or maybe just discovering it.
MERRY DIPMASS! 🎄
Buy!
Here we go again
How are they going with BTCSpinner? keep spinning the infinite roulette? :))
How are they going with BTCSpinner? keep spinning the infinite roulette? :))
Passing🎢 $50K tonight before we 🚀 to $75K...
Friggen dip
When to invest in a Hardware wallet
Barclays Bank Deposits
Gpu recommendation £200
The paper handed-ness in this sell off is unreal
Barclays Bank
Lost 20k in Bitcoin
I got some money, lets buy some btc, price is 60k? well, lets do it! hopefuly this time it won't go down!
Why do I still believe Craig Wright Could Be Satoshi? (I’ve been reading up on this for years.)
The third theft: Central Bank Digital Currencies (CBDC) Vs Bitcoin "Digital Assets"
Tesla Semitrucks and Bitcoin
It’s dipping under 54K
Got .25 btc at 54.4K
Usb miners worth the price
Newb
Will we see the 60K bitcoin again this week?
Pump and dump?
Stop Panic Selling
FalconX says $50M raise will help it woo billion-dollar hedge funds to the bitcoin market
Isn’t this quite the pattern?
In its latest comment, the advocacy group goes after the proposed requirement to create currency transaction reports for crypto transactions. https://cointelegraph.com/news/proposed-fincen-rule-is-a-grave-threat-to-personal-privacy-says-coin-center
I’ll gladly upvote you Tuesday for some karma today...
This is quite the pattern
Michael Saylor has big estimates for Bitcoin!
Current dip
Peaks getting narrower and shorter, dips getting faster and bigger.
Time to lower that DCA!!
Backbone
How many bitcoins are left to purchase (not mine). How much would that cost? Asking for a friend...
Should I sell now and rebuy at 48k?
Now accepting Bitcoin! Much Love to all of you!
How many "large-scale" Bitcoin mining operations are there?
India bans Bitcoin reminds me of this video
How will you view wrapped or swapped BTC come tax time?
Pros/Cons to storing crypto in a cold wallet as opposed to somewhere like BlockFi?
Confidence boost for new bitcoin hodlers like myself
Tendências blockchain
I LOVE BITCOIN PROMO SALES. MORE FOR MEEEEEE
Bitcoin
This isn’t FUD it’s a genuine question. Please help me!
[NFL] Russell Okung announced in December he was converting half of his $13M salary into Bitcoin. Bitcoin was $27,000. Now, with the price at $61,000, he turned his $13M annual salary into over $21M. This increase makes Okung one of the 30 highest-paid NFL players today.
TELL ME WHAT YOU THINK ABOUT THE CURRENT PRICE OF BITCOIN
Dr. Stacksats is here to help. I built a "bitcoin product and service center" that lets the community vote on whether or not a particular bitcoin product or service is liked, trusted, and recommended. Any and all feedback welcome!
Just bought 0.0014BTC
Nexo. What are your thoughts about it?
Save Stacks and earn bitcoin
Scary SMS exploit just highlighted on Vice.com
Buying crypto with stimulus.
Is there an app like Voyager Digitial for Canada?
Next level moves by Russell Okung. Possibly a future move of many professional athletes.
Where is next support whale cluster?
https://rarible.com/token/0xd07dc4262bcdbf85190c01c996b4c06a461d2430:308226:0x4311c68805e18688c5c4d42dda595e707dd1cfbb
Elon Musk Becomes ‘Technoking of Tesla’ While ‘Master of Coin’ Title Goes to CFO Zach Kirkhorn
Buying ACTUAL bitcoin, not derivatives
Should I convert $4k+ of my $15k+in ROTH IRA Index Fund Contributions and contribute it to BTC, take $4k+ off my ROTH IRA account and buy BTC/ETH on a crypto exchange keeping it in blockfi, or leave my index fund be.
Got stimulus, bought bitcoin
Bitcoin Audible: Chat #58 - Preston Pysh on Monetary Revolutions
Meet Qonos- A Purpose-Built Digital Frame for NFT Art and Collectibles
6,000+ XRP Holders Want to Testify, Bitcoin Stimulus + More News
Can I get some money? Just 1$
We have finally surpassed next bear market bottom.
Mass Payments With NOWPayments: Easy, Fast and Truly Mass
These Necklaces are Awesome!
When You Run The Numbers, Bitcoin Will Compress Quadrillions Of Dollars In Monetary Energy
India is really scared of loosing control
When people say Bitcoin is polluting i look up a bitcoin mine and its just a bunch of high tech hardware
Saw this as a sign to just throw a quick $12 bucks in because why not, there’s a dip and it’s what i can afford 💰
I'm now taking my profits and buying BTC
‘Absurd’ video of bitcoin mine hooked to an oil well sparks outrage - but it’s complicated
Bitcoin and Super computers?
Can I send a different type of crypto to my bitcoin address?
How do I accept bitcoins at my restaurant?
BlockFi Completes $350 Million Series D Funding Round to Invest in their Bitcoin lending products
$95,000 by June?
Bitcoin News Today: Elon Musk &amp; Tesla, Novogratz, El-Erian, O'Leary, India Ban, Blockfi, Crypto-Mags Starts Mining &amp; More.
I have uploaded my bitcoin trading bot project on GitHub, the aim is to detect and take advantage of rapid surges in the price
Max Keiser: What if bitcoin is not the bubble, but the pin? — RT Business News
WHY NOT US
BULLISH - Americans ready to pour $40 billion into bitcoin and the stock market as stimulus checks arrive: survey
Bitcoiners be like
If it seems impossible to get to a whole coin, just remember...
“Bitcoin Accepted by this so and so merchant”posts
Do you think there'll be a sanctuary for bitcoiners from the coming apocalypse?
Hell with my country
Stim check
Bitcoin and regulation
Should I buy 20k worth of BTC?
Sign up on Blockzone.com and win STPT
So how many of you StimmyTards are buyingBitcoin?
Looking for a 3rd party portfolio platform that connects to my Binance account.
Real ones know it
Each red dot represents a time Bitcoin was declared “dead” by the media.
BA
There won’t be a complete ban in india.!!
Anon lost $13,000,000
Earn free Bitcoin
O MELHOR NAVEGADOR COM MINERCAO DE BITCOIN GRATIS
Individual Detained in Romania Under Suspicion of Stealing Thousands of Cryptos From an Unnamed Major Exchange
I don’t understand this
Well this is fun
She literally sang about buying Bitcoin when it was only $500 and we didn't listen.
Possible scam websites such as Bitnovo and what sites can I trust?
Got point 3
Robinhood vs PayPal
How much Bitcoin could be lost forever from people dying?
Question: why would someone buy Bitcoin AT THESE PRICES?
Around 40B USD may get invested in bitcoin by non-whalers
3 reasons Bitcoin fell 6% in 4 hours — Is the BTC price rally at risk?
Received BTC deposit by mistake
Fees for sending to cold storage
Bitcoin set a new price record every five days on average in 2017. So far in 2021, it's every four days.
Doesn't Bitcoin increasingly loose average-customer
8 tips when helping someone set up a bitcoin wallet!
Here I was worried I’d missed &lt;60K
Why Bitcoin is Time | Timechain instead of Blockchain | Mind Blowing Article by Gigi
Karma
Always stuck in the mempool
Latest Deutsche Bank Poll Leaves Bitcoin Prone to Hitting New Record High
A recent survey found 2 out of 5 plan to invest their stimulus checks with 60% of total incremental investment spent on bitcoin (estimated to be 2-3% of bitcoin's current market value).
Where to buy Bitcoin for the lowest fees with bank transfer?
Americans Could Spend $40 Billion in Stimulus on Bitcoin, Stocks
India Set To Propose Bitcoin Ban
Hodling BTC: 10 years, 5,200,000% returns
best rig for both hardcore bitcoin mining and games?
Privacy Chat App Signal Now Takes Donations in Bitcoin, Other Crypto
Can I get this right side volume graph on Binance?
Everywhere I go, I see Bitcoin.
Dying with Bitcoin.
Buy. The. Dip. Remember Daddy Elon is always with us
I created a GitHub repo for the bitcoin trading bot I shared on here earlier today
Well
I used time-travel to uncover three secret messages hidden in a popular Bitcoin meme
Buy buy buy.
$1 billion transfer to Gemini
Can Bitcoin adapt in order to address environmental concerns?
Survey on CNBC just showed percentage of stimulus that will go into bitcoin.
How do I get Bitcoins if I'm underage
When does the stimulus arrive for the majority of US residents?
Organic sustainability coins
"Investing" in BTC via WealthSimple VS. Buying BTC via ShakePay
Friendly reminder | Survey: stakeholder interests in public blockchains
Is Bitcoin limited to 21 million?
this is a easy way to mine bitcoin. It takes time but the more ppl you invite the better it is #Bitcoin #BTC #cryptocurrency #crypto #money
Retail users bought more bitcoin than Wall Street this year, reports JPMorgan.
BTC Miner Stresses: 'Bitcoin is One of the Most Environment-Friendly Financial Networks'
The Imminent Synergy Between The Insurance Industry And Bitcoin
Chamath Palihapitiya: Bitcoin Helps Me Sleep at Night
Bitcoin Falls After Rallying in Weekend to Record
Western trust investment Inv.
The Askolend
[OC] You spelled HOLD wrong
French government set to auction off $34 million in bitcoin this week
Messaging App Signal, Approved by Elon Musk, Now Accepts Cryptocurrency Donations
is anyone holding holo or vethor apart from our all beloved BTC ? any thoughts on these altcoins? will they become a serious competitor to btc in the future ?
Signal adds crypto donations
Is anyone familiar with this platform?
🎬 THE FUTURE OF FILM- DeFi MEETS HOLLYWOOD
is nicehash wallet safe to store my bitcoin or should i store my bitcoins in other wallets..if so pls recommend some wallets.. thanks in advance
Is it worth to HODL 0.02 btcs? What can I expect in future?
Why India’s Bitcoin Ban Doesn’t Matter
BNBBunnies.com collect adorable NFT Bunnies on the Blockchain
Luckily I found my $10 atm reciept from about 7 years ago before it faded away.
The Merchant of Arrakis: Digitization of Ownership
Covid and bitcoin (warning for new buyers)
talking to your friends
Got my first 0.01 bitcoin
Just bought the discount today ...
made a bitcoin bday cake with the genesis block headline 🧡
How I feel exactly
The Dip will be short and will correct upwards quickly
Will Bitcoin hit 150k by this summer ?
How long have you been HODLing?
How hard is to hack Bitcoin?
Vous croyez qu'il est trop tard pour se lancer dans le Bitcoin ? Non ! Avec CryptoTab, c'est possible dès aujourd'hui. Gagnez du BTC pour la première fois grâce à cette application qui vous permet de miner rien qu'en surfant sur le web. Suivez mon lien pour tenter l'impossible
Ples gib me 1 dollar
Bitcoin as piggy bank for our unborn daughter
Bitcoin &amp; Markets for 15-MAR-2021 [Bitcoin Basics Podcast]
BTC Miner Stresses: ‘Bitcoin is One of the Most Environment-Friendly Financial Networks’
for the newbies
Tales from the Crypt: #237: Bitcoin Urbanism, Parasitic ideas, real world inflation, the suburban mistake and building Strong Towns with Kelly Lannan
Anyone notice how Bitcoin takes a dump whenever wallstreet opens?
Another DeFi Hack: PancakeSwap, Cream Finance Websites Compromised
BTC Miner Stresses: 'Bitcoin is One of the Most Environment-Friendly Financial Networks'
Here I Am
Trying out a few memes - let me know if you dig any?
My first 25K mining on nicehash with one GPU! (LOL 😂)
Who is your favorite bitcoin/crypto youtuber?
Crypto Brief - March 15th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
I use a telegram bot to earn Bitcoin
Will Bitcoin collapse or skyrocket?
Even if india bans bitcoin, they can just buy shares of MicroStrategy and the company will buy bitcoin and hold it for them.
No, A whale didn't cause bitcoin to crash
Errrr Why is my transaction not in mempool ? Did something go wrong ?
Is bitcoin really the future?
The BTC Lightning Network experience for casual users in early 2021
Bitcoin Peak?
Elon just changed his title at Tesla to “technoking” and his CFO is now “master of coin” (for real)
Have we come full circle?
Opinions: BSV-powered gold token Amleh
Bloomberg's FUD right on cue with new ATH
I use a telegram bot to earn Bitcoin (Very easy and Works)
“WhaT aRe YouR pRicE PreDicTiOns fOR tHis WEeK?”
How much BTC does r/Bitcoin own?
OGN to the moon
Get a free 200$ amazon gift card
If there's a secondwave of coronavirus in April how much will the bitcoin price decrease. In march 2020 my friend brought 1 Bitcoin for just 4000$ thats a crazy decrease
Tesla filed new positions with SEC, Technoking of Tesla and Master of Coin
I’ve been trying to go to school but life is hard rn. I’m trying to get my life together but I need to help my family with bills and lost my job Saturday!! Can someone, anyone help me plzzzz
Get free amazon gift card
WHAT IS BEST OPTION IN INVEST IN CRYPTO??
Are any original adopters happy about the direction BTC is headed?
Coinbase Pro Stuck in Pending
Bitcoin is a human right
BEST OPTION FOR INVESTMENT IN CRYPTOCURRENCY
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, March 15, 2021
Get a free 200$ amazon gift card
What If All Companies With BTC Allocations Started Putting a Portion of It Into Bitcoin Development? $150,000 donated to Brink for independent Bitcoin Development!!
Bitcoin broke 60K!! Bitcoin Crypto Meme. (Crude Crypto)
MY FIRST NFT - TREASURE HUNT
India Ban: Any potential future ban by the Indian government on cryptocurrencies would be an unjustified assault on freedom and civil liberty. The cryptosphere will always stand peacefully united to protect the global right to a decentralised future should the people so choose.
Sell off again caused by bad glass node data about bitcoin exchange inflows
Just got to 0.01 bitcoin
A mobile mining app, click this link to download
Reuters: As of January, there were 28,185 bitcoin ATMs in the United States, according to howmanybitcoinatms.com
HELP😥
Stock Market Lovers and Followers | Capital Markets | This is the information
Bitcoin Fees At The Moment
As Bitcoin Shows Us, the Future Belongs to Decentralization
Can someone send me a Bitcoin plzzzzzz
Explanation of last nights BTC long liquidation
Unique artwork
Books like "Mastering Bitcoin"
Money Mission
What do YOU think is going to happen to bitcoin this week?
END DAY
To the Mars
Blockchain e Covid
Thoughts on "supercycle" vs business as usual (standard 4 year cycle)?
BITCOIN Funny Tempered Glass Phone Case For iphone
US General Services Administration auctioning 0.7501 BTC ... bids currently at $48.7K
Understanding Bitcoin/blockchain
allen farrington on Twitter: @EricRWeinstein is not engaging in good faith. I am going to dissect what he has been up to over the past two days and then likely never interact with him again. others are obviously free to do whatever they like, but do so entirely aware of his method. 1/
WSB Retards
Incognito Node
What it's like to invest in Bitcoin and "diversify" your investment with shitcoins
Bitcoin prediction from 4chan in 2014
new minin group
Bitcoin | Gas tokens gain 300% as the quest for Ethereum network alterna...
Fiverr scam ALERT!
Bitcoin Concept Art
Bitcoin Concept Art
Satoshi Forest - some rich bitcoiner bought 8 acres of land to house the homeless
Coinsquare hack
EVERYBODY START POSTING YOUR BTC BALANCE
Get Free Amazon Gift Card
I’m brand new to Bitcoin but I just jumped in head first!
Do you think crypto is the next step in the evolution of money? ⁠
How are prominent USA based YouTubers doing insanely large ByBit trades?
Greensill-Owned Bank Declared Insolvent, Causing Losses for Small German Towns... If only there were an alternative...
NYDIG head says major firms will announce Bitcoin ‘milestones’ next week
Inflation Concerns Supersede Covid-19: 220 Investors Managing $650B Say Economy’s Biggest Risk Is Inflation
Hammering it in
If today was your first crypto investment, and had $2000 to invest. What would your portfolio look like in % . And why those?
Following Bitcoin “Reset,” It’s “Off To The Races Again”
"Im for the separation of state and economics"
Is this website legit for trading
Crypto Keys cold storage
Predict the BTC price in this game and earn up to 250 in CHSB. Get 3000points with my referral link :) reference code: BJP2NBI https://www.swissborg.com/community-app-referral
Cathy Woods Bitcoin Phishing scam live on YouTube, needs reported taken down.
Billionaire investor Howard Marks says his initial dismissal of bitcoin was a ‘knee-jerk response’
Invertí Dólares, Gana Dólares.
Research and development in collaboration with REAPCHAIN and Seoul National University's Distributed Systems Lab.
Need ledger nano x valuation code 20% or 25% would help thanks
Capital gains question (US)
Best app to buy bitcoin un Canada ?
Bitcoin Phone Case Tempered Glass
8 years ago, on Reddit you could exchange Karma for Bitcoin. 1,510,146 karma gave you $855 worth of Bitcoin (worth 15 cents back then)
Will my friends and family pull a $5 wrench attack on me?
Just learned about miner fees with WALLETS.. any less expensive ones or ones I don’t have to pay for??
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
i want bitcoin for free.
Why not use the Apple credit card instead of the upcoming BlockFi credit card?
Blockchain e saúde
About decentralized exchanges
Best Long Term Wallet?
MP Claims that Russia’s Crypto Tax Threshold Is Subject to Change
Portugal Capital Gain Bitcoin Taxes
Have you learned to invest in Bitcoin together? We can learn together,
What is dogecoin https://youtu.be/UUlMMSMcRTM
This Miami Asset Goes to Market Willing to Accept Bitcoin as Payment
Dozens of German towns lose 700 Million Euros, because they trusted banks and regulators
Is Blockfolio safe to give api address
What to do about Bitcoin sustainability?
Anyone else having this problem? Any solutions ?
Replaced garbage fiat symbol in bash prompt for something better.
Are these Necklaces cute?
Elon Musk Is Selling an NFT — Offers Pour in Worth Millions of Dollars
Everything You Need to Know About Cryptocurrency: For Beginners
Who is Satoshi?!?
Russell Okung Becomes One Of NFL's Highest-Paid Players After Requesting His Salary Be Paid In Bitcoin
Bitcoin historical price converter/calculator
Resources for Cryptonoobs? Step by step
Never Thought of it This Way
The Unhashed Podcast: Softchains with Somsen and More on Block Digest
bitcoin mining game clicker simulator
Binance closed my account and now I can't access my transaction history
Saving money vs Investigating
Earn money by watching movies, chatting with your friends, and playing games. I mine BTC with CryptoTab for around a year and that is perfect for extra earning. No fees, no expenditures. Get it by following my link https://cryptotabbrowser.com/15320005
ROSS ULBRICHT, was worth $23M dollars off of 230,000 #bitcoin ’s in 2013 at around $100 per coin, for operating The Silk Road on the dark net, today he’d be worth over $12.65 BILLION + with his assets at the time of seizure in 2013 👀👀👀👀👀👀
Wired Article: Bitcoin's Greatest Feature Is Also It's Existential Threat
Add few incentives for running Bitcoin Core or other implementations of Bitcoin full node
Is BTC’s only bull case above other cryptos (including BCH) its first mover advantage?
BTC phone call anyone?
Where to start with Trading station
This is why you are here.
Long Time Bitwage users...question?
Found a Hodler not afraid to show his toy in -20c Canadian winter.
Another Bitcoin arrest, another entry in Abolish the Bitlicense.
Bitcoin bull run speculation
[OC] Impact of BTC Halving: Price Projection from Average of Halvings based on Historical Data -- Why You Shouldn't Worry About Short-Term Corrections
Is it better to buy bitcoin on Binance or invest in a bitcoin ETF for a newbie looking to invest periodically (100€/month)
Buy #poodl
Interview: Conviction In Bitcoin With George Mekhail
Turning Bitcoin untraceable
Canadian Newbie
Arrests in NH for operating BTC Exchange
Anyone peep this tweet?
Best site to buy btc that allows PayPal?
Even if India Ban's Bitcoin it's still way undervalued. The FUD is other Countries will follow. Not happening with so many institutions buying now.. Check out the chart. Go ahead and try to figure out how many normal people own at least 1 full BTC.
Robby Gutmann (NYDIG) on the Institutionalization of Bitcoin
Wanna earn bitcoins using Google ?
BTC price prediction
Wanna earn bitcoins using Google ? Check Out CryptoTab please Thanks use my ref code !
Who is Satoshi?
Cryptbeta
Bitcoin Beyond Greed
Bitcat
Don’t know anything about bitcoin so let’s throw in some money and hope for the best.
Am I doing it right?
I never dreamed I could ever treat myself to pornstar-hookers with Bitcoin gains, but I did boys, I did! Dreams do come true if you hodl!!
Bitcoin-QT sync time
I never dreamed I could get pornstar-hookers through bitcoin gains, but I did boys, I did! Dreams do come true!! Keep on hodling.
The Greatest Bear Case Against Bitcoin
How do Canadians Buy Bitcoin?
What if we all uploaded a YT video of Bitcoin at the same time
That's right everyone! I FINALLY reached 2 bitcoins!
Robby Gutmann NYDIG CEO: "I know that starting more or less next week, you're going to see an absolute drumbeat of pretty game changing milestones from some of these firms (institutions), that are going to mark new points in bitcoin adoption, bitcoin availability, services w/in existing system."
Never sell or exchange your Bitcoin.
Cryptocurrency and Stock Trading Platform Etoro Aims to Go Public Through a $10.4 Billion SPAC Deal
The Rising Popularity Of Bitcoin In South Africa
BitMEX Founder Surrenders to U.S. Authorities, Pleads Not Guilty
Help getting access to old Multibit wallet files.
"lnd 0.12.1-beta with Sidecar Channels + Pool allows us to onboard users directly onto lightning in a non-custodial way without requiring users to put up capital or have previous UTXOs."
Why the hell are the transaction fees so high for bitcoin?
BTC used for illegal activities
US and Canada ordered at least 120,000 bitcoin mining machines this year
Adoption?
Who is Satoshi?
The Bitcoin Story of Paper hands told in a Music Video
https://skyescrm.com/ Scam alert
Visa CEO, Alfred Kelly Jr on Bitcoin &amp; Mainstream Cryptocurrency Adoption- March 16th 2021
Instale o navegador CryptoTab e comece a ganhar dinheiro extra apenas por utilizá-lo. Desde que veja vídeos no YouTube, leia notícias e utilize as redes sociais, como faz diariamente, ganha Bitcoins verdadeiras.
Coldcard and bluewallet?
Gold Price Today Prédiction and Forecast | weekly forex forecast
Being an American living overseas and looking for options to transfer my money internationally is making me realize the potential for Bitcoin
Crypto Mining Equipment - 35% OFF - Great Opportunity for Crypto Mining Investor
HODL but how long?
Just had a good laugh at this Elon Musk Technoking NFT...what’s next?
Eth or bitcoin for the best gainz?
Fidelity exec says Bitcoin is drawing in the banking world's core customers
Analysts: $40 billion in stimulus checks could go to Bitcoin and the stock market
Promised the wife we'd either retire on it in 30 years, or laugh at it. 8 years down, 22 to go. Diamond hands, people. Diamond hands.
Gemini Crypto Exchange Surpasses $20 Billion in Custody
How to send Bitcoin without paying any fees or paying less fees?
How to send Bitcoin without paying any fees or paying less fees?
Can an altcoin ever dethrone Bitcoin?
EXACTLY AS PREDICTED YESTERDAY” prediction:
When my friends ask how I feel about crypto
Bitcoin Wallets For Beginners, Part Two: How To Install Samourai
CEO of NYDIG, "In the next week, you'll see gamechanging milestones for bitcoin adoption in the financial landscape"
Last few days for Studentcoin big ICO
What matters about money is not what it looks like, or even what it’s backed by,
Risk Free Yield on Bitcoin?
Thank you to our fellow Adapters
Stake
"you guys are gonna have so much fun staying poor"
Dutch Pro-Bitcoin Parliamentary Candidate With Laser Eyes on Billboards
Dutch Pro-Bitcoin Parliamentary Candidate With Laser Eyes on Billboards
I wrote a sea shanty about when to buy Bitcoin
Can someone bless me with a Bitcoin 3HnDeBNDNMpFhJmVnH3Ev1r8cMqhKw8ttn
Newbie: 1 Address to 1 Public to 1 Private Key. Is that a true statement ?
Given that an infinite number of cryptocurrencies can exist at the same time. Doesn't this mean that Bitcoin (or any other) is ultimately incapable of avoiding inflation?
Why the BTC hate??
Lucky morning 🍀
New Canadian Here!
What Is Cryptocurrency And How To Mine It?
What is the best exchange to buy bitcoin in the US?
Rethinking Bitcoin's Scarcity (thoughts on this article?)
A Robust Bitcoin
BitMEX Founder Surrenders to U.S. Authorities
Taproot activation update
Ray Dalio (Bridgewater): Why in the World Would You Own Bonds When… — “capital movements out of debt assets and into storehold of wealth assets and other tax domains, so they could very well impose prohibitions against capital movements to other assets (e.g., gold, Bitcoin, etc.) + other locations”
Graham Stephan (Youtuber) now advocating for Bitcoin in retirement portfolios
Newbie
Altcoins waiting to see what bitcoin does
Bitcoin makes everyone look stupid
Trading Platform eToro To Go Public In $10B SPAC Deal
Thoughts on Swan Bitcoin?
Another Healthy pullback?
When people keep trying to get you into their meme investments
Dutch Political Candidate Puts up ‘Bitcoin Is the Future’ Billboards With Laser Eyes
Buying Dogecoin with an IRA
Bitcoin is king
Accidental Gift To ETH Miners, Cardano Rallies On Coinbase Pro News + More
Howard Marks, a billionaire and well respected investor of Oaktree Capital, called #Bitcoin a "pyramid scheme" in 2017. Today, he admits it was "a knee-jerk reaction without information,” and now sees "there's a use for it".
Trading View
What is the Fundamental Case for Bitcoin?
Another critic comes around.
Help! First time sending Bitcoin...Lost???
Bitcoin Price In 2031 By Michael Saylor (How He Stores His Bitcoin!)
Stats.
I’m planning to invest part of my children’s savings in BTC (and maybe one or two alts). Does anyone have experience with this?
Bitcoin Wallets For Beginners, Part Two: How To Install Samourai
Join the Satoshi's Data Discord Server! Learn how to trade with us and follow our coin calls to take profit!
Visa CEO Claims Cryptocurrencies Could Become "Extremely Mainstream"
Hey! I have a question..
I am using robinhood for my btc
What do you all think about
New to mining, but hard working
Loans to get Bitcoin
$1200 Stimulus Is Now Worth on $11,102 dollars.
Get $200 Amazon gift card
Bitcoin accounts for 40% of gold's average daily trading volume in 2021
Research project
Legendary investor Howard Marks is now more positive on bitcoin — "My initial response was a knee-jerk reaction without information and that's not a good way to behave. Now, I've learned how much I don't know."
I mean, they're not wrong.
Legendary investor Howard Marks is now more positive on bitcoin — "My initial response was a knee-jerk reaction without information and that's not a good way to behave. Now, I've learned how much I don't know."
LIVE NOW: Bitcoin Taproot Meeting
Caught RED HANDED. HOGE SCAMMERS!!! All Bitcoin holders must watch NOW.
CryptoChat server!
Twitter Hacker Gets 3 Years in Prison for Massive Bitcoin Scam
Was just listening to an Interview from a Dallas Mavericks player...
BTC recognition
Thoughts on Unchained Capital?
Incoming...
10 Years of Constructing the Future - Digital artwork made for the 10th anniversary of the Bitcoin forum
Best place to hodl my btc
Wealth Taxation on the Horizon?--Is this Good for Bitcoin?
Six arrests related to Bitcoin ATM Business in New Hampshire
Wealth Taxation--Good for Bitcoin?
ICO
Noob Question
cryptotab
Bitcoin Fees: What are RBF and CPFP? What to do if my bitcoin transaction gets stuck?!? (Andreas Antonopoulos)
Crypto Memes | Dank Doodle Meme Compilation
Genuine Question (Don’t Hate)
MGT Solar (PTY) Launches an innovative new Project (MEGATECH MGT TOKEN) combining Blockchain with Sustainable Green Energy Solutions!!
Howard Marks of Oaktree Capital on Bitcoin "I've Learned How Much I Don't Know" - March 13th 2021
Need a little information to put my father at ease about his new Bitcoin investments
HASHOCEAN
Russian Laws Advance Framework for the Use and Regulation of Cryptocurrency
Working from home
Crypto-friendly eToro Is Going Public With a $10.4 Billion Valuation
CryptoTab
Cryptocurrency Exchange Kraken Plans to Go Public
IF YOU ARE NEW TO BITCOIN READ THIS!
Bitcoin Stimmy
Made $15k off you guys this weekend.
I improved my crypto trading bot to send me push notifications every time it places a trade, I am sharing the code you can use it
Bitcoins Dominance Is Insane!
Get RZUSA - Google Play $100 Giftcard
Ways bitcoin is better than gold by Cathie Wood
Can Complex Transactions Be Processed in One Transaction
[OC] Year 2030, fiat is worthless, #bitcoin is world reserve currency
Will Bitcoin hit $1 Million?
500 euros in bitcoins
BUYING CASHAPP will pay whatevr for cash app
Robonomics expansion: XRT goes to BSC &amp; PancakeSwap
To all the stimmy believers
I made a sticker
I am running for Public Advocate ... but mainstream keep unlisting my videos. I run the website https://www.abolishthebitlicense.org, Bitcoiners are not crooks.
BTC’s ‘Hands of Steel’- 37% of Bitcoin’s Supply Hasn’t Moved Since 2017, 55% Sat Idle After 2018’s Bottom
I love toro for buying Bitcoin
Therе is a Yоutubеr саlled "Lеon Fаraday" that lеarns everyweek а nеw skill. Нis rеlаtivеs раssed аwаy when he wаs 14, hе mаkes vidеos аbоut оwn expеrienсe of mastering new skills аnd anоthеr vidеos for peоple to keеp mоtivаtion to learn and try nеw things, bеcausе we hаvе оnly оnе life
Can someone turn this into a bitcoin meme or point me to resources where I could do it?
Sad that you can't afford an entire Bitcoin? In the not too far future, people will be sad that they can't afford an entire Millibit (0.001).
Where do you see taxation going?
regulation or death?
how much bitcoin will you need to be able to live without working?
Will you take your bitcoin to the grave?
Get $200 Amazon gift card
First World Problems
DO NOT use the app @UpholdInc They take the money out of your bank in 2 hours but then MAKE YOU WAIT 66 days to transfer to another wallet or withdraw your funds. Luckily I only invested a couple of $100 to try the app out so DON’T BE THE FOOL I WAS 🤦‍♂️
Bitcoin meme
Will Bitcoin Hit $100,000 Per BTC and When Will The Bullrun Peak?
Why are Keynesians buying bitcoin? Tons of comments seemingly written by firm believers in Keynesian theory. Bitcoin goes against every Keynesian myth.
Jeff Booth, Author of The Price of Tomorrow on Bitcoin
Question
Can you mine on a Mid 2011 Imac?
Bitcoin Convert Dalio Bearish on American Future of Free Finance - Blockworks. Well Ray, you're worth $20B+. What if you used your resources to influence Congress/The Fed rather than accept financial fascism as an inevitability because uhh (checks notes) history says it's inevitable. C'mon man!
Any one able to shed light on this??
Buying Terra/LUNA
If Satoshi Nakamoto (If “he” is one person or a team) sold they’re 1 million btc stash worth almost 56 BILLION rn, what do you think would happen?
Recently built a new Bitcoin statistics website!
Triple peak. From charting it supposed to go down from here. 50k next support and let’s hope it holds?
Best and safest way to make a large purchase (5-10 btc)
Piyasalar Bitcoin’i Takiben Düşüşte - Koin Times
$24 Billion from Stimulus Checks could be used to buy Bitcoin per new Survey
Scammers with crypto giveaway &gt;&gt; tlscrypt.com/
Good advice! Sydney, Oz.
Limit orders
Investing legend Howard Marks changes his mind on Bitcoin
The Best Ways to Earn When You Don’t Want to Sell Your Bitcoin in 2021
STOP POSTING HOW MUCH BITCOIN YOU HAVE -- I know this has been posted before but listen up.
LocalBItcoins.com Site Under Heavy Load message ?
Farm for sale
Cake Staking 28,95 % on binance
Asking for predictions for the future of BTC
It’s my birthday
US Money Supply to the moon! 🚀
one thing I don’t understand about crypto
Bitcoin Mining Heat Capture Startup MintGreen Closes Seed Financing Round
Why did the price go drastically down at the beginning of the month?
Haters gonna hate. Potatoes gonna potate.
Win $200 Amazon gift card V2！
Bitcoin Has Brought Russell Okung Big Returns on NFL Salary
A Crypto to Save Cats??
For GBTC Bitcoin trust stock, it seems management takes 2% fee weekly by selling assets to cover. Brokerage calls them short term sells of $.25-$.30 weekly based on Bitcoin price. How do I put this in TurboTax as @50 sales in a year?
I need help.
Market cycle perspective
How long will it take to break $100K? Bitcoin broke $60K.
Bitcoin
My Bitcoin Album from 2017. Hodler here 😂 💪🏽💎🙌🏽😆. Peep the beetz
I put all my unemployment stimulus to Bitcoin!
Who else is stacking sats today?
END DAY
Put it into bitcoin, put it into gold, put in anywhere besides the bank for at least 7 days.
JOIN CPC CANADA POKER CLUB ID 28704 ON POKERBROS APP DONT MISS OUT ON LEAGUES TOURNAMENTS TABLE GAMES LEADERBOARDS +OUR NEW PROMO FOR TEAM PRO CONTRACT email cpccdn4@gmail.com
Bitlocity scam!
If you want a free Bitcoin bot to passively increase the amount in your wallet that isn’t a scam try this one. (More info in comments)
Keep averaging in... buy the dips pussys
Coinbase is doing a Reddit AMA for 3 days for going public
Greetings... 😄
The issue with Bitcoin as a store of value and the threat to its existence
Bitcoin vulnerabilities explained by WIRED - community
Bitcoin Optech #140: Rescuing Lightning Transactions
R
Diversify Gold into BTC?
Just got a chubby - thanks @Jack, Saylor, and Mr. Suter
Greetings... 😄
Crypto exchange's 'irresponsible' Bitcoin ad targeted retirees, watchdog
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.1.3 - practical bitcoin privacy and "open source" licenses with @btcxzelko and @likewh0a
Remember when John Oliver covered Bitcoin at $1 7k
Google Docs Create and edit documents online, for free.
Oh shit guys!
You Don’t Need a Bitcoin Exit Strategy, Because Bitcoin Is Your Exit Strategy From the Current System
Major U.S. Bank Morgan Stanley to Offer Bitcoin Funds to Wealthy Clients
How much could $500 worth of bitcoin realistically be worth in 10 years? HODL
Right time to buy BTC?
An anthem
Coinswitch Kuber is not secured!
Whats the best bear case for btc?
Trust the process. Our day will come. HODL
I'm sensing a great issue if I don't find an answer in time
Morgan Stanley Becomes First Major US Bank to Offer Access to Bitcoin Funds
People, please be aware of Bitcoin and other crypto currency scams this man lost $500,000 to one.
Just-in: Morgan Stanley Becomes First Major US Bank to Offer Access to Bitcoin Funds
OKCoin $100 HODL Promotion (not referral spam)
FINANCE Morgan Stanley becomes the first big U.S. bank to offer its wealthy clients access to bitcoin funds
Let's make me a millionaire!
Does anyone have a rebuttal on this medium post claiming that Wasabi coinjoins are broken?
Thanks to Bitcoin, playing futures has made me more than 2 million dollars!
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - (2013/2021)
Make an easy 1k $ by helping me. (Insta: @billyboy.de)
Cloning Hardware Wallets
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, March 17, 2021
US Judge Denies Request to Add XRP Holders as Intervenors in SEC’s Lawsuit Against Ripple
By far one of the best endorsements for Bitcoin in a newspaper article I've read in a while.
Bitcoin Criticism from Bank of America
Is your bank not allowing you to buy bitcoin?
How does cold storage actually work?
(Stocklight’s)https://bitcoin.org/merchant/center.mt5/1GFw2UnczLkhDjRQD69r5GHuFRuwAs6GZE. T&amp;C (c)
PSA: Noobs, when creating a Bitcoin wallet, PLEASE write down the 12-word backup. WRITE IT DOWN and keep it safe, make back ups. Do not screenshot. Do not put in a notepad app. Do not take a photo of it.
Trying to put my stimulus check in bitcoin. What’s the best way
New legit bitcoin exchange site!
To boost adoption and showcase the Lightning Network I built a Q&amp;A site, where users can earn Bitcoin. I am looking for beta testers: comment, dm me or sign up on the website and I will send you an invite
These scams really are getting bad, huh?
Have mercy
who uses what and why?
Could bitcoin ever move the decibel point?
The Best Legit Money Earning Site EVER.
How does Binance p2p market work?
Article: Tesla's bitcoin investment has carbon footprint of 1.8 million cars.
Multi-sig and seeds
Winklevoss Capital lists STX as an investment.
Bitcoin as Universal Passport
NVIDIA GTC 2021
Understanding Decentralized Autonomous Organizations (DAOs).
Crypto news/trend
Wells Fargo's Online Banking is down.
Newton transaction fees
Not sending Bitcoin
Btc/speculation
Top 3 Supply Chain Focused Cryptos
Investment / mentorship
Efficiency Guaranteed ☘️
BTC
scammer! report him please he took my BUSD and didnt send money to my bank account!! guys please F*CK HIM UP and save other people from scamers like him. thank you all
Visa Is Working to 'Enable Bitcoin Purchases': CEO
US Judge Denies Request to Add XRP Holders as Intervenors in SEC's Lawsuit Against Ripple – Altcoins Bitcoin News
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
In 10 years time, 20.6 million BTC will have been mined.
what happend to my changetip account?
Future ahead !
Morgan Stanley Becomes First Big US Bank to Offer Welthy Clients Access to Bitcoin
Crypto Scam sites warning
Morgan Stanley becomes the first big U.S. bank to offer its wealthy clients access to bitcoin funds
Morgan Stanley Big Boys
Bitcoin: A Cult Phenomenon
Bitcoin to 700K in December
Come in my CryptoTap Mining Network https://cryptotabbrowser.com/21055882
Keep watering your seeds
Which app would you recommend me to use?
Buying more
#Bepro the future that United #Gaming # NFT and #Defi on blocchain
Uhh.. so where is the increase due to stimulus checks?
BREAKING: Morgan Stanley, the largest US brokerage, is embracing Bitcoin. They have released a report “The Case for Cryptocurrency as an investable asset class in a diversified portfolio." Bitcoin is inevitable.
Investmarkets.com is trustable?
Busting Bitcoin myths: 7 misconceptions about the cryptocurrency
Americans are becoming increasingly bullish on cryptocurrency as bitcoin soars to new records
Best or easiest place to buy bitcoin?
NWC – the king of lowcaps
Best mining pool for antminer t9+
Morgan Stanley, "The threshold is being reached" for cryptocurrencies to be an investable asset class.
Bitcoin wallet
Get free amazon gift card
One of the Political Candidate in Netherlands puts up Billboards written on it - 'Bitcoin Is the Future'
Noodling the Numbers to predict the future
Coinbase files to sell 114.9 million shares in Direct-Listing IPO; company can be worth more than $ 100 billion
Help buying BTC with cash UK?
Anyone know how to change the USD to a crypto/different currency when adding a transaction in Coinmarketcap portfolio tracker? Quite annoying if it's not possible.
Bitcoin in Space with Dhruv Bansal — What Bitcoin Did
Does anyone remember this? Wish I saw it when it happened.
Howard Lindzon on Context Livestream at 11 AM EST!
Is this legit? I just sent Ethereum to the address and I am concerned I was just scammed.
Coin Citadel (CCTL) on Twitter
Bitcoin seized by French government being sold today (600BTC total) see a large demand and are sold at spot price (14% ish commission fee to be added to the bid amounts)
Crypto Brief - March 17th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
Time to get back to some of the OG meme roots
Can someone explain this? idk what I’m looking at lol
Last chance to buy the dip this week!
Summary about the recent Wasabi's built-in Tor issue for macOS users
Bitcoin: A Cult Phenomenon
A Ledger Hardware Wallet Is the Best Solution to Protect and Own Your Private Keys
Bitcoin Wallets For Beginners, Part Three: Installing Blue Wallet
Get Free Amazon Gift Card
Android Bitcoin Core wallet to PC
investing money in bitcoin as a 15 years old
Cramer says Exxon will start mining for Bitcoin. 🤑🤑🤑
“Banks aren’t the enemy, they’re trying to protect you.”
Mark Mobius, Announces He Is Praying For Bitcoin Not To Crash
Grayscale Launches Chainlink, Filecoin, BAT Trusts As Bitcoin Trust Closed
Car Vs Btc
Bitcoin is the BEST-PERFORMING asset of past decade, data shows
Bitcoin | NYDIG head says major firms will announce Bitcoin ‘milestones’...
Turbohub
Hiubris Indicators – TradingView Engineered For Profit
Access Control and Time Attendance System Price in Bangladesh
Bitcoin low fee Need Help!!
Lark Davis Patlama Beklediği 4 Altcoini Paylaştı - Koin Times
BUENOS DIAS SALUDOS, MI APORTE AL GRUPO CLASE DE TRADING DE LAS COSAS MAS SENCILLAS ANÁLISIS Y ESTRATEGIA CON SAR PARABOLIC NASDAQ100 DEL DÍA DE HOY 17/03/21
Bitcoin bought Me a redneck yacht!!!!!
Anyone moved to crypto tax-heaven Puerto Rico?
I come in peace, my fellow redditors !
Just A Reminder.
Bitcoin Wallets For Beginners, Part Three: Installing Blue Wallet
Bitcoin and its energy consumption
Beware of u/Usual_Concern_6512
I NEED BITCOIN
Bitcoin friendly marketing email providers?
Stimmie Day
Retail users have now bought more bitcoin than institutions so far this year! The real occupy Wall Street.
PSA: KryptoGator.com/EarnCrypto.space/Crypto4.fun are shutting down, and the last day to withdraw your funds is 3/18/21
Why I buy and hodl
Bitcoin Cash and SV forks are stupid. How do people even support them?
If every single person with bitcoin TRULY intended to HODL forever, wouldn't that mean the price would never ever go down?
When/Why do exchanges liquidate crypto futures?
Can someone explain the Stock to Flow Model?
HELP NEEDED BITMEX used a temporary email address for bitmex and now cannot withdraw
Possible Crypto Ban India
What will happen to the all altcoin project when tomorrow (or someday) Bitcoin suddenly disappeared?
Btc go to others galaxy!!!!
Bitcoin | Dutch libertarian posts political campaign signs that read 'Bi...
Stimmy stimmy ya, stimmy yam, stimmy yay...give me that coin so I can take it away!
https://youtu.be/Db4hlu8qOUE
Is this good or bad. If bitcoin is more accessible would it lower its value?
Bitcoin Anthem coming soon
For those who one just 1 BTC, is that considered an achievement?
What coins would you recommend a new comer to crypto to invest in &amp; on what platforms ?
Bitcoin warning from the European Union: You may lose all your money
Poster of Satoshi Nakamoto's Whitepaper. A great gift or inspiration for your workspace.
Private Messaging App Signal Now Accepts Donations in Cryptocurrencies
Sharon Allen mihailivanov9
SLP260 Luke Dashjr How Bitcoin UASF Went Down, Taproot LOT=True, Speedy Trial, Small Blocks
Bitcoin | Bitcoin Could Hit $115K by August, Pantera’s Morehead Writes
Ever heard of this browser?
Its my birthday and I’m celebrating it by...
"Bags of Bitcoin" Yezzzz!
Bitcoin | Billionaire Investor Howard Marks Warming to Bitcoin
You can invest now on my platform.
Questions from a bloody beginner
We're celebrating the BTC ATH with a giveaway on Twitter; today is the last day to join. Enjoy!
Fees when moving large amounts from COLD to an interest account like BLOCKFI
THE NEXT MOONING GEM 🤡🚀🚀🚀
Thank you so much to this community!
Bitcoin | Altcoins spike to new highs while Bitcoin bulls aim to recaptu...
Bitcoin issues
South Korean Tax Agency Identifies Over 2,400 Evaders Who Used Bitcoin to Bypass Taxation
IMPORTANT : For new people in Reddit and Crypto, be careful of those scams. Here's an example I just got this morning. Some are honest, some are not... When you say you're new, some bad sharks may see you. When I say bad I mean a 15Kb file as a Trading-Alert Software... I laughed so hard i'm crying.
Hard time starting coinbase
Stimmy bump
A digital marketplace that uses BTC
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
‘Bit-Con’ Twitter teen hacker accepts plea agreement, three years behind bars
Bitcoin | Hacker makes off with $5.7M after ransacking social token plat...
Someone pick pocketed my phone at Coachella 2019 and I thought I lost my coins forever. Today I have successfully recover them.
Bitcoin | Nifty News: Ja Rule’s Fyre Fest NFT, Trump tweet auction, Tezo...
Bitcoin | Long-term investors are hodling, with 95% of Bitcoin trades in...
My bank has blocked my card to buy Bitcoin.
Tslcrypt - giveaway scam, just announce there so guys will not be scammed.
Bitcoin | Extreme leverage drove $500 million worth of BTC liquidations ...
BITCOIN IS CRASHING TO PRICES NOT SEEN SINC- buy the dip.
Bitcoin | Retail traders buying more Bitcoin than institutions: JPMorgan
How long is the delay of stimulus effect to Bitcoin price?
Bitcoin as a prize of a tournament.
What happens if Binance just... keeps the money?
Bitcoin Surge Is ‘Significant’ Investor Risk, EU Watchdog Warns
Retail traders edged out Wall Street to become the bigger buyers of bitcoin so far this quarter, JPMorgan says
Texting all my exes " hope you're doing well" and then immediately following up with a picture of a BTC chart 😉
7.2 of free Bitcoin when you buy or sell at Coinbase
Never let your emotions get in the way of your long-term vision for Bitcoin
Advice? Help?
Will this sudden decrease gradually rise up through the week?
Video explaining the importance of on-chain analysis. I learned that analyzing Bitcoin from looking at the price chart only is far from ideal. To me the ideal combination is to use on-chain analysis along with price technical analysis and I explain how in this video.
5 Bitcoin Charts You Need To Follow
Game Stop
All in with the Stim!
Blockchain e Covid
Wow! Only 17 years old!
Bitcoins energy consumption: 13 things you need to know
Is The US Government About To Stimulate The Bitcoin Market With $38 Billion?
Clever DeFi Lists CLVA Token on Uniswap
French govt selling btc through auction
DCA into Bitcoin forever?
Will Bitcoin Hit $100,000 Per BTC and When Will The Bullrun Peak
Stimulus Check- Am I too Late for Bitcoin?
17th March 2021 - BTC price reaches 290K USD
Cryptocurrency-related crime is falling
Anyone want an app to watch their wallet which takes an xpub key?
Blockchain tutorial-3(Hash function and types)
"Cryptocurrency-related crime is falling Link: https://blog.chainalysis.com/reports/2021-crypto-crime-report-intro-ransomware-scams-darknet-markets"
Biggest Currency Innovation That the World Has Seen.
Home - Bitcoins-Earn
How do you buy BTC straight to your cold wallet? Any suggestions?
Why You Should Not Mix with Mycryptomixer | Scam?
Whenever i get asked , What is Bitcoin?
Buy a macbook or buy bitcoin
Browser with an in-built Bitcoin miner!
Lympo Market Token Ecosystem Lightpaper
bitcoin mining
French BTC Auction €5k under market
Bitcoin Planet
The dark side to Ethereum though is that its flaws are also up on display. This creates opportunity for competitor chains and platforms to take a crack at taking ETH down.
Question, buy from wallet v exchange
21ISM Interview with El Sultan "All the great masterpieces that humanity has created have been shown through the artistic language, and the same must happen with Bitcoin."
Bitcoin Wish Edition
Bitcoin ROI Historical Data by year (also past), and calculator of incremental montly investiment forecast? Which resource avaiable such as calculator and historical data websites?
You Can Still Avoid Bitcoin, but You’ll Pay the Price in the Future. Is it worth the risk?
Testing my wallet.
How do I buy Satoshi?
Bitcoin’s Greatest Feature Is Also Its Existential Threat
Illegal content within bitcoins network
French auction
And what about the poor?
🚗dano ADA!!!
Hyperbitcoinization has already occurred
How to buy btc at 16?
Howard Marks of Oaktree Capital on Bitcoin "I've Learned How Much I Don't Know" - March 13th 2021
Let's enjoy the come up, not looking forward to the comedown
Beeple Joins NFT Allstar Artists to Combat Climate Change with Charity Fundraiser
Purse disabled account
Bitcoin Whale Ride Art Print - "They often say that the journey is more important than the destination. Does this also apply for bitcoin?"
Fork of Fork of Bitcoin for miners.
Satoshi's wonderfully simple thesis
Keep Your Bitcoins Safe: All you Need to Know About Crypto-Cyberthreats
ColdCard wallet - Bag Me Now
Thinking of taking profits?
Buy when everyone else is selling and hold until everyone else is buying. know the secrets to getting rich with Intelligent Cryptocurrency
New to bitcoin
Guys, can you share your top sources or readings about Bitcoin or cryptos! Would love to discover/read more than my usual! Txs
Just got to .04 bitcoin!
Finally got my Dogecoin T-shirt today. “Hodl on we’re going to the moon with Diamond Hands”
Is Binance a safe place to buy and sell bitcoin?
Awesome bitcoin mine
More good news
Just bought my first bitcoin, totally new to this
Found this on r/GetMotivated and made a little edit
Did this on r/GetMotivated and made a little edit
Buying satoshis is getting expensive
What is NFT? Is it a threat to bitcoin?
Legendary investor Howard Marks is now more positive on bitcoin. "My initial response was a knee-jerk reaction without information and that's not a good way to behave. Now, I've learned how much I don't know."
You can buy Bitcoin at this coin star in Winco
Anyone considering moving to Wyoming?
Pros/Cons to using Coinbase's vault service?
South Korean Tax Agency Identifies Over 2,400 Evaders Who Used Cryptocurrencies to Bypass Taxation
Update for Cryptopia Claimants and Stakeholders 17 March 2021 - From liquidating lawyers Grant Thornton
This is the newest project of him?
If there's any validity to this, then 100k isn't a long way off.
Over the past 4 months I have been buying little bits of btc
BTC Help
Leichtgewichtig, schnell und zum Mining bereit! Tretet meinen Mining Network bei 🔥🌊
I know this is a pretty biased question since this is the Bitcoin sub but...
Scam?
I did this and it worked ! Got $25 worth of btc ! Wohoo am I rich yet ?
How the breakout not happening has felt 😑
India plan to ban crypto
Join the waitlist of the first Bitcoin Reward credit card!
Bitcoin's price DOUBLED in 75 days — How long until the next price doubling?
Mine here it actually is real
Daily Discussion, March 17, 2021
Cryptocurrency inflows hit record high of $4.2 billion
South Korean Authorities Liquidate Tax Dodgers’ Crypto Holdings
Minted NFT
Get your job to pay you in btc; take out massive credit card debt to buy btc, never use cash again, it's free money 🤑🚀🚀💰
Bitcoin ad banned for "misleading pensioners"
Faster BTC miner👌💥
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
1952???
Crypto Shadow Banking Explained and Why 12% Yields Are Common
What App to Use
Upgraded my Apple watch face. Time is important, but so is my HODL status. This is the way.
Wall street bets in a nutshell (shitpost)
Meta 2600 kms
help-me
Having some issues with transferring btc
Get FREE 200$ Amazon gift card Giveaway.
Russian Anti-Money Laundering Body Will Monitor Crypto to Fiat Transactions, Says Official
How did we created 24% more money?
AmericanAirlines Arena to be renamed for cryptocurrency exchange
Plataforma de alta liquidez que gera lucros de 1% ao dia
Some cool pics
what are you going to do at 100k ?
Surfer Jim and Bitcoin ultimate HODL'r singing about the Billionaire Chamath Palihapitiya. It pissed me off to read on Twitter how Palihapitiya dissed him. Funny how wealth can build an ego while stripping any humility out of a person.
If GOV make bitcoin illegal we all gonna stand up and fight!!
All my money I use for retail therapy is in bitcoin. The Amazon buy now option was left in 2020.
I need to buy bitcoin without SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER!
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Anyway, please comment on these unelected, generally self-appointed people's ideas of how to control your crypto, leave your thoughts at their door, and keep on HODLing.
hodl
Musk!! Investment
Musk!! Investment
As a person who has increased his principal 50 times since last March, I am now offering you guys quantitative trading and order leading service！
I think it is going to take longer than we think for full institutional adoption
Sending messages on blockchain
This kid is an idiot he tried to mine crypto off a cpu 🤡🤣
CoinPoker: CHP Tokens Now on Uniswap!
How much is $1 worth in sats
Rectifying the Robinhood mistake
Stonks 📈
So...
Lose the Battle, Win the War
Hello guys, I came from the year 2070
Looking for a clear explanation of "increasing my BTC value." I think I sortof understand it, but I'm not sure
Oaktree Capital Founder Howard Marks Changes His Mind About Bitcoin as Demand Soars and Price Jumps 10x
btcn
Free bitcoin
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
What steel seed backup do you guys use?
People are adopting endangered animals on the blockchain!
ION a Microsoft DID Application on Bitcoins blockchain
Bull Sign: BigLaw Actively Recruiting Crypto Lawyers
I saw this in London Underground
Meta 2600 kms
Accepting bitcoin...
An Interview with FRAX Founder Sam Kazemian, Creator of “The Stable Version of Bitcoin”. Great interview about algorithmic stablecoins and why they're hugely important going forward.
BitTeam Charity Draw: Is it legit?
Bitcoin's origin story gives me mega anime vibes so I had to draw her 😍 Comic coming next month!
Making of a Bitcoin Painting: Part 1 (Nailing the Canvas + Drawing the Draft)
Making our own Bitcoin painting: Part 1 (Nailing the Canvas + Drawing the Draft)
guys if you come across these names AKA Martin Sawyer AKA Patrick Martino AKA Robert Baldwin AKA AC Morgan AKA Jordan Meyers AKA Charles Parker AKA Andreas Will on comments on youtube channel or any forum .. PLEASE DO NOT APPROACH THEM.. they are scammers .
Problems Setting up a Full Node
Better rain fire.
Invest and earn... Don't wait for screenshot or post... Life is all about a risk
Bitcoin Price x2 Double Your BTC Moon Bitcoin Live; Must Read! Everything You Must Know
Trade and earn legitimate money 💰
A bitcoin for a bite
Bitcoin Audible: Read_510 - Bitcoin Will Save Our Earth [Evan Bayless]
Bitcoin Supply keeps dropping
Ill accept bitcoin 16305448158
This is remarkable ✔️✔️💸💸💸💸
Keeping people out of the 21 million club.
Hey
I’m selling some of my old GameCube games on Mercari and this guy kept hassling me about the price and being a dick for no reason, so I decided to kill him with kindness...
Toddler Hodler with Diamond 💎 Hands ✋
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
How do taxes on Bitcoin work?
Mintable
How to get free bitcoin from browsing. كيفيه ربح البيتكوين مجانا من التصفح
Shaking sats Shake Pay Referral code
NFTs - Beginning of the modern Crypto art movement | by Ronit Sharma | LinkedIn
She loves Bitcoin!
🙌 🙌 🙌 Lil Bubble - All The Bears Are Dead (Bitcoin 50k Edition - Lil Uzi Vert) - YouTube Music
ATH
This is why billion-dollar companies are building on VeChain
Buying a Tesla with bitcoin
btc
America understood that banning bitcoin is stupid. Europe will either realize it too, or a train will pass, says a cryptocurrency expert...
Sparrow or Specter, which do you like? Or what are you using if neither?
Cheapest DEX Fees?
The real argument for bitcoin.
The average cointard.
bitcoin friendly online bank
Not really decentralized?
This Norwegian Billionaire Used to Hate Bitcoin. Now He’s an Investor
Gameas
Getting my bitcoin back
FREE 50 $ BITCOIN On Simple Signup And Refer
Billionaire Hedge Fund Manager Ray Dalio Says Government Outlawing Bitcoin Is ‘a Good Probability’
BEST LOW FEE WALLET
These Necklaces are free for a very limited time! Only 1 remaining
Mining Bitcoin
Halifaxandassociates / Halifax and Associates bitcoin crypto investment scam
Is it Exodus wallet a good option?
💯
Are you kidding me?
Help convincing my family and friends the significance of Bitcoin
I say...
Do you need a new (untouched) laptop to do cold storage?
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
Gogogo $REAU buy buy buy buy new dogecoin - safepal/cakeswap/ cod $REAU in the safepal; 0x4c79b8c9cB0BD62B047880603a9DEcf36dE28344 slippage tolerante 6% &gt;
Mining Bitcoin on the Game Boy
Why do you want Bitcoin price to rise?
What do we think Bitcoin is going upto this year?
Learn cryptocurrencies in weeks
Lympo LMT Token Offering Generates Over US$36m Value
If I just hold Bitcoin do I have to do any tax stuff
India’s cryptocurrency community braces for a sweeping ban
Volatility of Bitcoin | Anthony Pompliano and Lex Fridman
Sign this petition to help free Ross Ulbricht. He is the creator of Silk Road, a darknet site where people sold whatever they want (illegal stuff too), which contributed in Bitcoin's adoption. He's been arrested and sentenced to two life sentences + 40 years without parole for a victimless crime.
Andreas "The Explainer" Antonopoulos On What, Why &amp; How Of Bitcoin | An Interview From An Average Noob | Koncrete 2021
I’m in the US and have a wallet in Bitcoin.com. Does anyone know how to cash out? Help please!
This image collage that visualizes Venezuelan Hyperinflation. Those are the amounts of money needed to buy this pastry, from March 2019 (Top left) to April 2020 (Bottom right)
How can I protect myself from hackers?
If instead of "mining" with a chip, people get rewarded with Bitcoin for helping others or doing a good thing, this world would have been a much better place.
Anybody wanna trade Bitcoin for cash on cash app ? I just need to pay my rent
So many people here say "oh dont tell anyone how many Bitcoins you have its dangerous blah blah".......but its obviously not true right
For Spanish speakers
Anyone using signals to trade crypto? Follow social traders?
This is a must read book to fully understand the chaos of 2020 and what the future will bring!
Another “new to Bitcoin” post
You can't pick up girls with 4 Bitcoins but you can with a Lambo
Get 200$ free Amazon gift card
Parody about a new currency: Son asks dad for trading advice
How To Set Up A Bitcoin Wallet
Me in my head after a doobie.
After Bitcoin, Check NFT, but do it wisely. Check out the link
Just doing my part for the network
My node goes live!!
Professional Call of Duty League Gamer to Launch eSports NFT
Crypto Firms Blockchain.com, Chainalysis Raise Mega Rounds
Watch before you judge, it effects everyone. The interview explains things in the layman much better than I can. "Virtual asset Service Provider"
I Sold Right Before The Big Uptick Today
After owning Bitcoin, I feel like having superpower.
Made an NFT for you guys | Check it out
UK crypto firm receives funding to create first entirely green mining pool
The Dollar Used To Be A "Layer 2" For Gold | Anthony Pompliano and Lex Fridman
I looked into the Schiff Bitcoin bull theory. These are my findings.
When Bitcoin owner reaches 50%, there will be "coincial discrimination" between Bitcoiners and no-coiners?
earn free btc with BTCminer on telegram join channel now 🔥🔥🔥 chose your plan 💰💰💰 click this link to start
SecuX Cold Storage Experience Anyone?
Could Bitcoin possibly create value with fiat once again?
Governor Kemp's boy friend arrested State SEN. Park. Cannon for knocking on Gov. door in capitol the same police that let white life matter shit on floor an rub it on wall.
Morning routine: check Bitcoin price ✅ HODL ✅ attempt Bitcoin latte art ✅ onward to the moon and beyond ✅ 🚀🚀🚀
Please Bitcoin.....
Looking for a secure software wallet with little to no hold on my sweet bits
Can this nft Penny reach the price of a Bitcoin? Start her on her journey on Opensea #pennytobitcoin
They made this Bitcoin thing so complex and unsure i see why people opt out or just not even interested.. Why invest when your life depends on a key that cannot be store anywhere not even on the moon!
"Every Country Treasures Its Monopoly" Patrick Bet-David, Tom Ellsworth, Matt Sapaula Talk: Ray’s Dalio’s View On Bitcoin
Nas Daily on Metakovan, the Bitcoin Billionaire Buyer of Beeple NFT for $69.3M
How much you bought today?
Instagram Influencer Charged for Allegedly Stealing Millions of Dollars in Bitcoin From Followers
Mining Bitcoin on the Game Boy
Newly created Electrum wallet does not show address
Bitcoin For Merchant Payments? First Tesla, Next Amazon? | Michael Saylor Elaborates
END DAY
Crypto Scam Discord Beware
Elon Musk argues with ZDF Frontal 21
XRP if jump jump now%💯💯💯💢Big E you got to believe now bro. !!!💯💯💯. To GOD BE The Glory!!! Phill 4:13 I I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me
Early whales
Bitcoin crashes again!
Which coin join can I trust?
Blockchain governamental
If History Is Any Indication, $200,000 Bitcoin Is Coming In 2021
Baby boomers could invest $1 trillion into crypto and Bitcoin, Galaxy Digital's Novogratz predicts
Chipotle offering a chance to win Bitcoin as part of its national burrito day promo on Thursday
Get free Bitcoin
Need help reading Bitcoin Blockchain Explorer
Do not Join TheCryptoNetwork(SCAM)
Should a considerable amount of my wealth into crypto?
I made an NFT for the specified purposes of committing tax evasion for any bitcoin millionaires out there!
My first BTC meme
5 Laws of Bitcoin adapted from "The Richest Man in Babylon"
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Can we please get to $75,000 tomorrow?
This is the newest project of him?
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
I soId ALL my BTC at fiddy five point won and here's why:
back to zero...
anybody check this out, earn bitcoin for using this browser
My Crypto Portfolio! Some telling sats...
My crypto portfolio! Hmmm some telling sats...I mean stats
Bitcoin yo the moon
I sold ALL my BTC at 55.1 and here's why:
Why is BTC made to take 140yrs to mine?
Energy cost of Bitcoin. Any solutions?
Starting AAPI.NFT
Just found this from 2014 - Whose Line is it Anyway? - Bitchcoin
ETH
Dec. 4th, 2017 Bitcoin closed a low of $11,502. Dec. 16, 2017 it peaked at a high of 19,660. Being wrong by 12 day would have cost you 50% of your gains. You cannot time the top.
Am I doing it right, Bitcoin Maxis?
Bitcoin - April
Comeback after long-time
Will bitcoin enable to first trillionaire?
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Lets just say this cycle goes as intended and everybody makes a bunch of money. If your aren't spending it, what other assets will you put it into during the bear market?
wow!
Bitcoiners Invented 'Sh*tcoin' Meme, But Not To Be Mean | Anthony Pompliano and Lex Fridman
Americans In 2025 trying to buy a bottle of water
Full Node
Boomers Next to Adopt Crypto, a Trillion Dollars Could Flow Into Bitcoin Over the Next Year, Says Novogratz
ANOTHA ONE 😎🤌🏼
Boomers Next to Adopt Crypto, a Trillion Dollars Could Flow Into Bitcoin Over the Next Year, Says Novogratz
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Mobile Bitcoin Mining on 'Waste Gas', and The Coming Energy Revolution w/ Austin Storms of Great American Mining
Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin, Bitcoin...
Who knows?
Help explaining why Bitcoin can’t be taken down by malware
Bitcoin, Ethereum and Altcoins Show Positive Signs
Bitcoin
The Mempool is CLEARING 6 SAT/VB transactions! Move your coin or open some Lightning channels TONIGHT!
Austrian Economics is impossible without Bitcoin | Aleksandar Svetski
Bitcoin vs Ethereum 👀
(UK) Need help with making a BTC ATM in my local colleges &amp; shops
Blockchain governmental
SPRT is CRAZY undervalued folks! Buy it and buy it again. You will no be disappointed!
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Former Bitcoin Cruise Ship Sold to New Startup
Did I Find An Old Wallet?
BITCOIN The Gold of Future
Why comparing BTC to gold is stupid.
Oh yeah
How it started, and how it's going...
Avanti, which wants to offer custody services for BTC and other digital assets as well as API-based payment services for wire transfers, raises $37M | New.blicio.us
Best Forex Broker in 2021
Andreas Perfectly Responds To "Energy Consumption" FUD @41:34
Have I been scammed?
"What's your exit strategy? Take profits!!!! " Bitcoin about to explode and u want me to sell?
HODlers de Bitcoin no están vendiendo la criptomoneda según Glassnode
The Fed Plans to Unveil Digital Dollar Prototypes in July
Think Before Buying That Lambo
Nothing wrong with taking some profits
Strategy For Taking Profits
What is your exit strategy?
US inflation survey: How Will the results be for Bitcoin?
U.S. needs to mine more bitcoins due to national security reasons, Miami mayor says
COPY TRADE INVESTMENT PLANS FOR 24TH 4DAYS INVESTMENT PLAN INVEST 1.2k£ GET BACK PROFIT GAIN 5.2k£ INVEST 2.5k$ GET BACK PROFIT GAIN 8.6k£ INVEST 5K£ GET BACK PROFIT GAIN 15K£ INVEST 25K£ GET PROFIT GAIN 45K£ GET 30% PROFIT GAIN ASK ME HOW
Americans In 2025 Trying To Buy A Bottle Of Water
Americans In 2025 Trying To Buy A Bottle Of Water
In reality the trolley is indisputably bitcoin but only a few replies recognize it. So strange
Coinbase post IPO will sell everyones info to IRS and the US Government
Teach me how to use Bitcoin as quickly as possible 😋
Looking for an exchange that offers buying and selling btc at trigger prices
The Fed Plans to Unveil Digital Dollar Prototypes in July
Some boost to help create the New World
House for sale - 12.25 BTC and it's yours...
BNY Mellon values Bitcoin on par with gold, what’s their price target?
Apple is investing in Bitcoin soon!
The Bullish News Of Week 12, 2021 in the Bitcoin World
Pros and cons of trading bitcoin
Bitcoin &amp; Open Blockchain Livestream Q&amp;A | March 28th
A Few Suggestions
Apple wallet
Bitcoin question
What about bitcoin faucets
Bitcoin Hodl The Line
Thank you Bitcoiners!
where can i buy and send btc in the same day without waiting.
Bitcoin
Coinbox is a Scam
Do You Consider Yourself A Bitcoin Maximalist? | Anthony Pompliano answers Lex Fridman
In less than 10 years, anyone with Bitcoin is a winner, anyone without is a loser. Simples!
Hypothetical - How to 'cash out' of a found wallet in the UK.
Dear Bitcoin,
I'm fairly new to Bitcoin, is this just run of the mill fear mongering by out of touch, old people?
When you realise you're fighting a losing battle
How do I make money from BitCoin?
BLOCKCHAIN.COM QUESTION. How to send bitcoin to an address after purchasing it? (losing my mind)
BTC003: Bitcoin &amp; A Deflationary World w/ Jeff Booth
Are we going to go back to the Bretton Woods agreement?
Bitcoin
Many people still cold store?
Browse smarter and earn BTC for FREE!!
sup all, i got a random invite on "tetherbep" with a free amount of BTC of 7,77
The current "algorithm"
This place is legit
Have you ever booked a USA hotel w/ bitcoin? What's the payment process like?
Saw this on my way to work 🤑
Awsome Bitcoin Song by Dominic Frisby
Why is is that people buy on friday and saturday and dump on sunday?
What is the most valid argument against bitcoin? Because I didn’t hear any.
Free Thinker Eric Weinstein Steps Into "The Beautiful Dance" With The Bitcoin Community | Anthony Pompliano and Lex Fridman
click to know more about NEO
top 10 sites to earn bitcoin 2021
The New Zealand Pension Fund announced a $ 17.5 million bitcoin (BTC) investment in October
Bitcoin theft
Buy Bitcoin then RUB this badboy!
Why former OCC head Brooks thinks Bitcoin is stronger than U.S. dollar
Any of you guys remember this?
The 1 and only Bit Coin Joe Bender. Think i could auction it off to the highest bidder? maybe get a whole coin for it hahah my dream....
[Sunday Time Waster] Orange Pill [OP34] - The Sound of Bitcoin Ka-Ching
J
What is the average number of Bitcoin people in this sub have?
The CLEVER Fight: Bulls VS Bears
“Why don’t you just take the cash, and buy Bitcoin yourself?”
Last week the traded amount in Venezuela only using LocalBitcoin was 69 BTC (Down from 71), that is 7,176,000,000,000 Bs. (Bolivares, local currency, ISO: VES). One BTC is around 105,000,000,000 Bs. Monthly minimum wage is 1,800,000 Bs. (less than 1 USD) and a personal news.
Does someone can send me $83k worth BTC, is there any receiving limit on wallets like coinbase and bitcoin.com?
I love bitcoin
Where have you/can you actually spend bitcoins beyond investing?
Can anyone provide an elaborated or even academic resource that discusses deeply the properties of POW and POS??
Neo coin
This guide will aim to instruct you and give you a strategic plan of when to sell your bitcoin.
Went diving in the bay area
Looking for the first Reddit posts, or top comments, that saw high distribution to buy Bitcoin on Reddit; whether in r/all, top comments in popular-subs, etc —— I did find a couple of the 1st post about buying Bitcoin on Reddit (shared in this post-text), but neither gained any traction then...
Hungarian petrol company MOL accepts crypto payment at some gas stations
Bitcoin Need NOT Compete Directly With The Dollar | Anthony Pompliano and Lex Fridman
I don't know about you guys but I see a fractal forming
My harrowing Bitcoin tale.
Bybit UK ban
would a satoshi ever *realistically* become 1 US dollar in our lifetime?
bitcoin support at 53,000.00
I HATE THE DIP
That’s why we need BTC !
Printing machine go brrrr
A blockchain use case for secret services.
1% of btc can make you rich
Interest from China, Co-Mining and a Grayscale Trust Gives Filecoin’s Market Cap a Valuation Lift
If History Is Any Indication, $200,000 Bitcoin Is Coming In 2021
What app to use for bitcoin transactions
Someone got smarter with Bitcoin fees prediction algos - bad news for miners!
A very close family member works in the US treasury offices. They said they’re preparing and anticipating for student loans to be forgiven up to a certain amount. More rocket fuel incoming!!
Buying and storing bitcoin while on a boat
Crypto hidden gems (1000x potential)
MIND THE MONDAY MORNING MINER'S GAP UP
Would anybody be interested in a Binance account invite for 10% fees discount?
Should I take out a loan to invest in BTC? I'd be able to pay back the loan within the year.
Last mined coin.. then what?
HODL
SharedCoin
Btc hardware wallets
Okay, Seriously... Why does Bitcoin Not Do This?
Help accessing account of a friend who has passed away
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
The technically proficient Youtuber tried to mine Bitcoin using Nintendo
Btc.
BTC conversations about government confiscation.
Bitcoin comment from Mastercard CEO
What will happen when we are all rich?
Looking to Moon bits chip that are verified.
Selling the tip to buy the dip is a losing strategy. Here is why.
Not begging just asking
Estaremos en el chat conversando en 30 min.📷 Todos los NUMEROS de #CARDANO 📷 [Calcula tus recompensas]
What’s the best Blockchain stock for long term?
This is the newest project of him?
BITCOIN
Text me for free bitcoin
Tracking BTC Adoption - What metrics do you track?
FREE BITCOIN FOR EVERYONE JUST DM ME
Thoughts on Voyager?
the Basic Bitcoin Trading Elements
BTC portfolio tracking app?
Bitcoin Mining Center investment?
A bitcoin puzzle,Ready for some free bitcoin?
Am I going to have to pay taxes
Hi friends! I want share my artwork
Blexoin is a SCAM
Bitcoin will be less volatile as more institutions invest
got the market cipher a + b codes
India proposing to ban crypto
Serious (or semi serious) discussion on what will happen next.
Ok Boomer
Creating a Cryptocurrency from Scratch
100% of People Should Buy Then HODL Bitcoin. That's it.
New to bitcoin and want a safe way to hold it.
Green Bitcoin?
What mobile app do you use to buy Bitcoin on? Currently on crypto.com
If you know, you know
Almost took out a Celsius loan to buy more BTC before the price rockets...
Zerohedge: Soros Asset Management Is Betting Big On "#Crypto Infrastructure"
Found this one today at a demonstration. @ Museumplein, Amsterdam
Set sail aboard the Satoshi?
Bitcoin price price prediction on this exact day next year..
Financial advice
Dogecion stock shou you invest forgert dogecion these thch stocks are bett buy right nwo
How to automate Bitcoin's Blockchain
Daily Bitcoin News March 27th, 2021
Q: How a part of a Bitcoin is identified as to what it was when it was released, e.g when somebody transfers you a fraction of that BTC. How are they linked to the original full coin and how is it marked inside the chain as a part of those millions of satoshi's?
Intraday Market View (for 29/03/21 Monday)
Breez Wallet fees for on-chain transaction
Where it’s better to keep it? Wallet or Trading Wallet?
Salvador Dali: Satoshi's White Paper - an alternative interpretation of the Dalinean Prophecy.
Top 5 Trading Tips
Is Coinbase safe?
“Biden to unveil multi-trillion dollar infrastructure plan in Pittsburgh next week”
The US Government will NEVER ban Bitcoin.....and the reason is actually the last piece of the puzzle
Access coinbase without email OR phone number?
Great read answered lots of questions.
Save the planet. Buy bitcoin.
Save the planet. Buy bitcoin.
I bought my first Bitcoin today! See you guys on the Moon.
Creating paper wallet(s)
Bitcoin Network Status Update Sunday, March 28, 2021
Survey Shows 77% of Americans Are Concerned About Rising Inflation, Prices for Goods Are Soaring
Honest Bitcoin Price Analysis
If buying Bitcoin is only for future capital appreciation, is it ok to buy it in Robinhood and stay there?
We count the price of crypto in dollars. Will we count the price of crypto in Botcoins??
Does anyone know a good promotion or discount for trezor T? Or a better Bitcoin wallet? ( except Ledger, i have one already want to try another) Thanks
The startup: the digital Bitcoin wallet for blind people
Am I too late to Bitcoin?
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
Approaching cities / hydro electric damns companies about mining Bitcoin?
Earn free Bitcoin on Idle-Empire
Centralized BTC lending platforms and taxes
Clarification about security risks with reusing BTC address
Institutions &amp; Retail Compete For Bitcoin - Whose Hands Are Stronger?
Lost bitcoin and Satoshi
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
How it feels to HODL bitcoin
I thought this sub would appreciate this beautiful work of stained glass. Anyone care to elaborate on some of the symbolism used?
Bitcoin as a US Federal Reserve Asset - Sign the Petition
Inclusive Institutions &amp; Bitcoin
Wife Leaves Husband After He Refused to Sell Bitcoin at $60K and Bought the Dip
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'NFT- ART - Battle of The Planets- 1970s Rare Vintage Collectables 7 to collect' before its swooped up!
Dogecoin
Coinpayu click and earn BITCOIN
About Cryptotab Browser
Bybit In The UK?
Comparing some of the most powerful global assets today. Looking at a 3 Hour Chart with Heikin-Ashi candlestick for. Bitcoin, Gold, Amazon, S&amp;P500, S&amp;P1500
Eye finance reports
Last week the traded amount in Venezuela only using LocalBitcoin was 69 BTC (Down from 71), that is 7,176,000,000,000 Bs. (Bolivares, local currency, ISO: VES). One BTC is around 105,000,000,000 Bs. Monthly minimum wage is 1,800,000 Bs. (less than 1 USD) and a personal news.
Bitcoin price history
My story with 1 million dollars
Peter Brandt: We're Going To These Levels In Bitcoin!
Candidate Block weekly news recap
Investing in Bitcoin is a no brainer. Remember, investing is not the same as trading. I am not selling one satoshi. I'm "riding the Bitcoin wave" for good. "This is the Way."
Новый продукт Qubitlife. Первая в мире онлайн-лотерея на блокчейн.
Lol, wait, who’s destroying BTC?
Q: Difference between proof of work / proof of stake. Can someone explain both principles in a non-abstract way?
Legacy Global Monetary Network crushed by Bitcoin
What’s up with the guys on r/btc stanning bch
Fxtradingport.com
Getting your annual salary paid in BTC?
Bitgesell, the New Digital Gold’s First Halving Just Happened
Best effort at reporting crypto taxes
if you can’t afford to buy Bitcoin and hold it for five years or longer you shouldn’t buy it
Bit is small of storage , coin is small of money, bitcoin is small*small, super small is powerful, like nuke or quantum.
Benefits of investing in Bitcoin
did my friend lose all of his btc?
Maximal price ticker
Thank me later
Is btc a scam?
Build a Node instructions in easy to understand, and under 1 hour.... scroll down to "Install Umbrel on a Raspberry Pi 4"
To whomever is designing the Citadel
Got a bitcoin. lol
Nilicoins, Rare Pepe and Curio Cards- A Look at the OG Collectibles That Started the NFT Madness
🙂 they dunno my owner is bitcoin-ER
It’s not an NFT, but I am accepting BTC as payment for this original painting I’m auctioning off today. Holding the auction on Instagram. I’ll link in the comments.
2021 Biggest ICO Bonus code Ex7522j5x7 StudentCoin
SHould I invest my stimulus if I dont need it?
CNBC: Former US Currency Comptroller "The Dollar May Actually Not Be Backed By Anything"
Bitcoin core stuck on rewinding blocks.
Where to buy ASIC miner?
Snoopswap Finance - $WEED Token
BTC or ETH
Anyone running a brick and mortar business accepting BTC here?
Bitcoin Bullish News of the Week!!
END DAY
Bitcoin actually has been behaving itself
Mods every time I try to post!
Why Bitcoin?
This is real xinjiang cotton farmers interview
Made some Bitcoin things on my CNC
One word . B
Buy B. Tks me later
South Korean Tech Giants May Capitalize on ‘Rising Crypto Pay Demand’
Buy B...... Now. Tks me later
Buy Bitcoin . Now
[Coursera] Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency Technologies (Princeton University) (bitcointech)
bitcointech-001
Tokenização
Tron’s Justin Sun Unveils NFT Fund Aimed at Art Acquisition
Someday soon, every company and jurisdiction in the world will hold bitcoin.
Ledger safety?
Begin fight in crypto whale
Elon Musk vs Jerome Powell and all about Bitcoin
Payments firm Nuvei launches support for 40 cryptos
Knowing When to Buy the Dip - If you're thinking about selling right now DON'T &amp; Why you shouldn't
Canadian Purpose ETF passes 15k BTC (15230.9927) as of today
US Bitcoin ETF
These Girls Accept Bitcoins At Their Lemonade Stand (From 2014)
Aim up to $10k to in 10 working days!!
Me every single day 😢
Was hoping to get feedback on crypto miners. Who you guys like, does everyone just buy the coin or what % of you play it with miners?
LedgerX 1099 with BTC transferred in from another account
Portfolio tracker that has a good web UI as well
Bitcoin Twitter Question
Priorities
© @BTC_Archive
My fellow Early adopters
Nigerians' Appetite For Bitcoins Grows Despite Ban
How to earn money from bitcoin in 2021 - how to earn money everyday in 2021
Binance boycotts REVOLUT?!
Website That Compares the percentage Bitcoin Holding in the ETF Market Cap
MKTY is the best bitcoin miner to buy. Greenest, most efficient miners in the Western Hemisphere. Just got listed on Nasdaq. I’m not a financial advisor but I like this stock. Low market cap. Already a profitable business. Check out MKTY for another way to play bitcoin.
Its to much of a hassle to buy bitcoin.
7 years ago posted here. Big silence
MLB team will HODL Bitcoin received from suite sales, says president
Birthday gift to my brother... HODLer for last 6 years, Tesla bull since 2015, Rick &amp; Morty fan, and SpaceX investor
Osprey Bitcoin Trust
new to btc
South African Companies Convert Cash Holdings Into BTC— Crypto Asset Is Hedge Against Devaluation
Transferring Bitcoin to 3rd party tax question
SAFETY OF MY BTC
For spanish speakers!
I need some assistance.
Pump event
Made me chuckle (spotted on London underground) [Enhance! for punchline]
Specter Multisig Setup
Mining pool question (keeping winning hash)
Will There Always Be A Market For Lending Bitcoin for Interest?
Anybody holding this new token in BSC? Its a new project called BitcoinAsset, lets recreate Bitcoin history 10 years ago.
What is Bitcoin’s final price?
The NSA, FBI, CIA talk about national security, big data and surveillance blah blah blah, they cant even find Satoshi.
US search interest for “inflation” at a 7 year high
I have never met a person who’s life is worse off after they have known Bitcoin.
Cold wallet vs hardware wallet
{Max $1.5m, Mid $700k, Min $300k} = HODL
What other investment could beat Bitcoin over the next 10 year horizon?
Get Your Free Ticket For The Psychedelic Capital! 🤗
Tokenização
Non-Coin Crypto Investments
I'm too paranoid?
Congratulations To all Our esteemed Investors who received their profits yesterday! 💥💰💳If you're interested click on the link below 👇👇👇👇👇https://t.me/binaryoptionstradeforum https://wa.me/+14258805785
Short Term Crypto Taxes in USA
If Bitcoin becomes a currency
Developers Launch the First Hosted Noncustodial Payment Processor for Bitcoin Cash Payments
Interesting Correlation Between Bitcoin, S&amp;P500, and 10 Year Yield
The Bitcoin Network now transfers $137,000 per second around the world without requiring a bank, government, or third party.
Party is over for Bitcoin come March 31st
Bitcoin, gold or swamp
Is Bexplus any good?
in bitcoin-qt, how to move an existing usb data (the first popup of where to put the 300gb file). in the new computer, i connect the usb and run bitcoin-qt, then it will reask where to put the data file. where is the configuration stored? (for linux?) thx
I am sending you 1π! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/ripgiant and use my username (ripgiant) as your invitation code.
Has anyone noticed an increase in scammers lately?
What Happens When Walmart Buys $1 Billion Of Bitcoin?
Free Bitcoin Mining Software
Decntre is now LIVE! We are a modern clothing brand inspired by the freedoms that cryptocurrency offers us.
#bitcoin?
Early Investors Hodl Post-Tesla-Bitcoin Buy As Analysts Debate Hedge 'Myth'
New crypto project
COPY TRADE INVESTMENT PLANS FOR 24TH 4DAYS INVESTMENT PLAN
Unknown 2nd transaction of 20btc from my address
Why doesn't tesla just hold your btc in an interest account and..
CryptoTab Browser That Pays you Bitcoin just for browsing the web!! It has a BTC Miner built into the system and is free to download!! Check it out it is amazing!!’
Bitcoin explaining how bitcoin works (technically) in Spanish
May I ask a few questions
Walmart and BTC
Norwegian Billionaire Who Called for Bitcoin Ban Abruptly Changes His Mind – Here’s Why
How will bitcoin become the currency of the future?
Helpful Exit Indicator
A new liquidity mining program with Vesper
Share referral links here
Texas Governor Greg Abbott: Count me in as a crypto law proposal supporter.
The Best Cryptocurrencies to Watch in 2021
Govt pumping BTC haha! 😆😁
100% BTC trading discord server (analysis, buy signal, trade opportunities,...)
Difficulty withdrawing from exchange to UK bank
Want to start mining
Full node up and running. Everyone who wants to take the next step in the bitcoin world should be running one. There’s about 8-9000 worldwide currently. If you’re serious about bitcoin and want to be more a part of it, I definitely recommend setting a node up.
A dinosaur talking.
Mogo Launches First Bitcoin Cashback Mortgage
YATTA! Bitcoin by 2030
Developers Launch the First Hosted Noncustodial Payment Processor for Bitcoin Cash Payments
Exotic Car Rental MPH Club Now Accepts Bitcoin
BNY Mellon Releases Report On Future Bitcoin Valuations
Using segwit
Investing
Wiretransfer to Shakepay, binance or bybit through Canadian institution
SHA256 upgrade, how will it be possible without a bigger network split?
BTC Stolen from Wallet
Silvergate Capital Corporation Reveals Fidelity Digital Assets as Custody Provider for BTC Collaterized Loans
YouTube Ranker Software
I'm setting up a website for backtested trading signals specifically for Bitcoin
Bitcoin is a digital or virtual currency that is secured by cryptography, which makes it nearly impossible to counterfeit or double-spend. It’s also the best way to invest with quick high profit with no regrets.
Gold Price Forecast Today 30 March 2021
Hacker selling KYC data of 3.5 million Indians for 1.5 BTC - The Daily Chain
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Crash coming anytime soon??
When is it worth it to convert ETH to BTC
How to invest in Gold/Bitcoin [We are giving away free gold investment kit Today]
Spliting 24 word seed phrases question
Pretty accurate 👌
Google US Search trend comparison's. Interesting..
American Psycho with Crypto Cards
Exotic Car Rental MPH Club Now Accepts Bitcoin
EURUSD Forecast and Analysis Today 30 March 2021 | weekly forex forecast
This bull run compared to previous 3
Safest and cheapest way of borrow dollars using BTc as collateral
If you don’t do something to DIFFERENTIATE yourself from the masses.. You’ll end up just like the masses 🦖 Strive to be uncommon amongst the Uncommon. All In w/ your Goals &amp; Future.. No other option
Travel Giant Webjet (WEB:ASX) Enters Crypto through an Unprecedented $4.1M Deal with LockTrip.com
Early Investors Hodl Post-Tesla-Bitcoin Buy As Analysts Debate Hedge 'Myth'
“Probably The Largest KYC Data Leak In History” Demonstrates The Importance Of Bitcoin Privacy
Former SEC Head Jay Clayton joins One River’s crypto Council
(Shitpost) My favorite thing about bitcoin
Leading tech companies will compete to own a fraction of Bitcoin
Why I'm selling my Tesla to buy more Bitcoin
Did Tesla sell any cars for BTC?
PETER SCHIFF - THE END OF FIAT
April bulls are coming in hot Boys fasten the seatbelts we are taking off🚀 🌝
Turkish President called on Turks to convert their foreign exchange and gold holdings through financial institutions as a “win-win” strategy for the country and themselves, after an overhaul of the central bank sent the lira down nearly 12% in a week. Read as: "Buy mah shitcoin, we'll be rich!"
Why is windows 10 blocking bitcoin core, I really hate it, any solutions?
Crypto mining
BNY Mellon Releases Report On Future Bitcoin Valuations
HIRING URGENT!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Windows 10 blocking the botcoin core 0.2.1 why!!!!
Kay One &amp; Stard Ova - Wallet (prod. by Stard Ova)
What are your plans for the holidays? Are you going to watch movies, play games, stay at home with your family? Well, what if I say that you can not only spend time with pleasure but also profitably. Install CryptoTab Browser and increase your income. You can earn Bitcoins Feel free to use my link
Excited for the future of Bitcoin 😁
Why I bought more bitcoin today!
CoinDesk Panel Discusses Square CFOs Insistence: All Companies Should Own Bitcoin | Mar 29
Soros CIO: Central Bank Digital Currencies a Real Threat to Crypto but Won’t Permanently Destabilize Bitcoin
Question
Anyone familiar with this trading platform based in Singapore? Seems like contract trading hedging against BTC
Help needed. Cold wallet newbie here.
Looking for a few opinions
10 Year Old StarCraft Competition Prizes
Anonymous mobile wallets for new users and safe?
Promises made, promises kept
Promises made, Promises kept
Earn Pi for free use my code
Earn Pi for free use my code
Tyler Winklevoss: US government will never ban bitcoin (BTC)
Gate.io Commission Kickback Rate
I can't send USD from PayPal to my USD bank account because the bank department in charge is on vacations.
Question about faucets.
Taxes and Offshore Shell Companies for wealth diversification?
How many people hold physical cash as a hedge against massive internet/electrical outages?
Hurrah for the price increase over the weekend!
OMG read this special artical about the Bitcoin in german!
Man Fined $570 Million by US Court for Managing a Worldwide Bitcoin Scam
“Probably The Largest KYC Data Leak In History” Demonstrates The Importance Of Bitcoin Privacy
ARK Invest CEO Cathie Wood On Bitcoin: "$1 Trillion Is Nothing"
Can it take more time for the crypto to arrive to my wallet?Someone sent me some crypto and gave me the transaction id I looked it up on blocypher this is what is shows.Can it take more time for it to arrive in my wallet or why does it show like this?
Gold is better then silver, #strax
Bitcoin options worth $6bn expiring today: what does it mean for investors?
This is the newest project of him?
For Spanish spearkers! Bitcoin up up up
Anyone worried the U.S. Government will ban BTC like they banned gold after the Great Depression?
This is the newest project of him?
Tales from the Crypt: #242: Ledn.io, Proof of Reserves, risk management, hyperinflation, and the Petro with Mauricio Di Bartolomeo
ARK Invest CEO Cathie Wood On Bitcoin: "$1 Trillion Is Nothing"
DON'T TRUST Blockchain.com
Perhaps bitcoin is pumping too soon 🤣
Texas chases after Wyoming with crypto law proposal
How much BTC do you need to be settled for the future?
Thoughts?
Is there a list of all whales/ big money buying BTC?
?!
Installa il browser CryptoTab e inizia a guadagnare soldi extra semplicemente per usarlo. Finché guardi YouTube, leggi le notizie e utilizzi i social network come fai ogni giorno, ottieni Bitcoin veri.
strawberries on the blockchain
He said “99.99% of people that own Bitcoin are fuckin morons, retarded imbeciles”. That was 3 years ago. Sounds like it was the other way around. The ones that didn’t invest are the retards! Granted I was one but I’m on board now!
Ex-SEC Chair Enters Crypto River, USD 225m Crypto Fund + More News
Wall Street Global Trading Academy | Benzinga Stock Market Live ... new Collab Benzinga and www.wallstreetglobaltradingacademy ... learn technical analysis from the best
M1 Money Stock
When did Tesla Buy BTC?
How I earn free BTC by playing games
When will investors insist BTC must be part of their portfolios?
I missed tge train
Must read
Oakland A's Will "HODL" Bitcoin received from Ticket and Booth sales
THE RACE IS ON!
Crypto tax
Banks and Btc
Pro Baseball Team the Oakland A’s Plans to Hold Bitcoin Obtained from Ticket Sales
"Kimchi Premium" Reappears In Bitcoin! What Does" Kimchi " Mean?
Is it possible to buy food with Bitcoin?
Coinbase Bank Account Help
Community for preppers
A case for BTC...
Bitcoin Supremacy. This is an NFT art me and my friend have made, link in comments if you're interested!
Tesla &amp; Bitcoin - The right point of view
Amount of BTC Across all Exchange Wallets Graphed Data
Quantum Mining
The right point of view
When BitBoy Crypto pops up on someone else’s YouTube channel....
Bitcoin and physical assets
Opensea art
Mine 1 Bitcoin in 45 minutes - Free Bitcoin Mining Website 2021 | Payment Proof
WDYT of the Rocket To The Moon light?
Earning APY interest on your crypto?
Tracking Bitcoin Circulating on the Open Market
Parody video about attempting to post at wallstreetbets
How to convert your stimulus check into Bitcoin -- A guide for those who received an EIP prepaid card
SEC “Overdue on Approving” a Bitcoin ETF Product: Crypto Mom Hester Peirce ￼ Godfrey
New proposal for satoshi symbol. The daggered dollar.
Sign at an anti corona demonstration in Amsterdam
Wise words
Crypto Exchanges for US Expat Dual Citizens?
Why I Am Purchasing A Tesla with Bitcoin
1080Quality - Placas de video y Minería
Each red dot 🔴 represents a headline in the news that called Bitcoin "dead", "failed", or "worthless".
Visa Starts Settling Transactions in USD Coin On Ethereum
Square CFO: "There's absolutely a case for every balance sheet to have Bitcoin on it."
Why Bitcoin dropped and why it stopped
Made this for a friend's son
MEME
Is there any way?
Isn't the tatoo of your 24 seed words on your body the best secure solution?
Someone sent 54 BTC to an Instagram scammer...
Dan Pena Spreading FUD 😂
Questions about farming bitcoin back in 2011
Why is BTC tanking right now? (5pm UK). It had such a good day otherwise.
Dan Pena spreading FUD 😂
How DISCIPLINA will change the education sphere
Dan Pena spreading FUD 😂
Buying A Tesla With Bitcoin
Football clubs don't know how to HODL.
Football clubs don't know how to HODL.
Big orange hitting a lot of sell pressure trying to clear resistance.
BTC vs THANOS
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, March 29, 2021
Youtuber Builds a Bitcoin Miner Out of a 31-year old Nintendo Game Boy
The Trojan Horse: Bitcoin is “Just” Digital Gold
Massive BTC fraud from fake Bitcoin sellers
The Bitcoin Tipping Point Did Occur in 2020, but It Is Not Called COVID-19.
Life after Coinbase
INSTANT-BTC-ETH-LTC-DASH ||*Crypto Deposit*||NewVegas Casino||
Bitcoin is coming now that it is free!!
Paxful is holding my assets hostage and rejecting my every valid document
Bitcoin | Bitcoin tackles classic resistance after avoiding a dip below ...
35% Reduced prices for Crypto mining equipment (Antminer S19, Innosilicon A10, etc)
Made a bitcoin "hub" this weekend from a Raspi 4 + 7" touchscreen. Contains my bitcoin node, trezor suite, and a ticker. Coincidentally also received my GORUCK bitcoin pizza day patch this weekend, which was pretty cool.
Over 350 ways to buy and sell Bitcoin.
Bitcoin rises as Visa moves to approve crypto USD Coin
Why Most Professional Traders Aren’t Trading Bitcoin (Yet)
Meet disBalancer: Tokenomics
Travel Giant Webjet (WEB:ASX) Enters Crypto through an Unprecedented $4.1M Deal with LockTrip.com
I want karma ,good morning
ANOTHER DAY IN GBTC PARADISE
As i understood big companies are prepared to invest in bitcoin?
Brick and Mortar Crypto Exchange
India’s Crypto Exchanges Join Forces in Face of Looming Bitcoin Ban
How can YOU be Furious when LOSING all your MONEY with Wall Streets Bets Group?
My 24/7 mood
Chamath Needs To Be Pulled From the Bitcoin Conference For Saying Hyperinflation Is Not Possible
Explaining BitClout, the crypto social network that monetises celebrities
The Trojan Horse: Bitcoin is “Just” Digital Gold
Crypto is The currency for the word. Let’s all make use of it. ❤️
Happy Monday Bitcoin Lovers 🚀
It's easy to buy Bitcoin with StealthEX.io – thanks to our partner Mercuryo! Learn how to get your first $BTC with StealthEX as easy as 1-2-3 in our latest article!
Robinhood Users: You can Disable Data Sharing 🛑
Can Bitcoin replace gold in a Country's gold reserve? Afterall it has a hard-capped supply of 21 million, and it is on track to becoming one of the most scarce assets in the world.
Simpleswap is a fraud
Bitcoin nodes centralization?
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 27 Mar 21 Liveshow
How does this happen? Is it high volume that lets the lows dip so far?
Bitcoin Hitting $100,000 Doesn’t Matter. Many People Have Missed the Point.
Simpleswap is a fraud
Making of a Bitcoin Painting: Part 2 (Coloring Background + Primer Coat)
Bitcoin ATMs with Low 9% Fee in Philadelphia and Norristown
Travel Giant Webjet (WEB:ASX) Enters Crypto through an Unprecedented $4.1M Deal with LockTrip.com
Its a safe way to Earn BitCoin and another Crypto with your PC.
Aladdin Exchange 1 Million USD Giveaway Event is Now Live
Very easy mobile application mining
Bitcoin Ballers exclusive 250 limited edition sets only payable in BTC
How to Trade the End of a Bull Market with Willy Woo — What Bitcoin Did
Was my B-day yesterday and was gifted a Bitcoin👍
END DAY
Who was in the wrong?
Keep it humble. Stack sats.
We Might Break Another ATH Tomorrow Boys
TA: Why Bitcoin Price Looks Set For A Strong Rally Above $60K
How to start an online business successfully
Developer conference
Question: if you take out the money you’ve gained, does that affect your initial investment?
“The future of Bitcoin...” - Balaji Srinivasan
Why BTC drop during option expiration?
Bitcoin is the first born
'Finite BTC vs Infinite QE ' March 30th -Crypto Wake Up-, 2020, Daily Bitcoin News &amp; Analysis. Sorry was out a bit.. Family full of healthcare workers. But back to deliver content!! Enjoy!!
Bitcoin Taxation when used as Collateral
I just bought BITCOIN for the first time!! but..
Ron Paul: Gold and Bitcoin are at risk of government crackdown
Bitcoiners Get Lower Cost Alternative With CME Micro Futures
Bitcoin Conference Miami JUNE 4-5 2021
Send Bitcoin Here
Isn't it about time for a beginner's guide to bitcoin?
Will the stock to flow model remain an accurate prediction of bitcoin's price into the decade?
Old man yells at bitcoin
I've done the hard work for you. TA Complete! You know your job now.
Topps Digital Towers Over NFT Universe With Upcoming Godzilla Collectible Auction
The meeting of mega forces
How can I buy 10,000usd to BTC in LA ? It’s so hard ?
Facepalm. Because Bitcoiners really care about design. Designer taking credit for Coinbase's success
The guy who sold 10, 000 BTC For a pizza is not retarded. He used it for what it was intended for and helped legitimize the movement
Coinbase Pro Wallet Address
Looking for my old BTC wallet (how did you transfer btc to silkroad in 2011)?
what do you think about this
code writter
Best-in-Class Cargo Space
BTC: Every. Single. Time.
How are you advertising your business to bitcoin communities?
Chipotle Giving Away Bitcoin Prizes For National Burrito Day!!! 🌯 (this is good for Bitcoin)
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
what do you think about this?
ELI5 on why a Bitcoin ETF matters?
The blacklist: Marathon only mining ‘fully compliant’ Bitcoin transactions
Customers of Small South Korean Crypto Exchanges Fear for their Funds
Who In UFOlogy Got In Trouble 4 Doing Things They Shouldn't?
Head of ECB: "The younger generation is angry with us" -- Gee, ya think?
Top
What’s the deal with getting interest on your Bitcoin, should I be doing this?
Life Pro Tip: (1) Use a Passphrase with your Seed, (2) And stop saying "seed phrase".
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.1.5 - bitcoin privacy and coinjoin with @nopara73 and @openoms
Someone's getting desperate. Seeing Gold &amp; Silver Advertisements on Bitcoin Subreddit. How times have changed!
Invest using my referral link below https://bittradegeeks.com/?ref=leo ❌ZERO UPFRONT FEES ❌NO DELAY IN PAYMENT ✅PASSIVE , SUSTAINABLE, SOLID ✅FULL CONTROL TO YOUR ACCOUNT ✅24HOURS SUPPORT AGENTS Email johnnyleohugo@gmail.com
Fuck it I'm going heavy on bitcoin and crypto
how to turn 0.6 btc into 100usd.
BE CAREFUL WITH THIS GUY IS A SCAMMER IN TELEGRAM.
Are Coinbase and Coinbase pro different wallets? Why do they even bother making a pro version?
'Stalled bull market': Gold price caged between $1,600-$1,900 and bitcoin is to blame, says Bloomberg Intelligence
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Where is Nick szabo ? (from a fan )(just a sign of life please..)
True wallet post on my FB Account not sure how legit this is. Does anyone here got this? Not sure if this was a scam.
Walked into a gas station and first time I’ve seen one of these signs.
Buying Fractional Shares of Bitcoin
Bitcoin or Burrito?
Canadian Company Mogo Offers Bitcoin Rewards for Clients Engaging in a New Mortgage or Refinancing
Marathon Digital Holdings to Launch the First North American-Based Bitcoin Mining Pool, Fully Compliant with U.S. Regulations
This is why we Bitcoin.
This is the newest project of him?
Apes together strong (bitcoin contest)
Bitcoin needs to pop so I can quit eating this for dinner ☺️
The recent News regarding Paypal + Visa is alot more bullish then we think
Best place to buy digital currency for beginners
F You Money! Show is just starting its way on Youtube!
Found 49 lost bitcoin I bought 2 years ago. Thought for sure my kids had taken my stash but it's safe after all.
This recent news regarding PayPal and Visa is alot more bullish then we think
Do we all understand How big this Recent news is ? regarding PayPal + VISA
Do all you guys understand how big this News is ? regarding PayPal + Visa
Need help
Developer conference
Question on Price
Supercycles - new one possibly upcoming
Bitcoin Will Make You Rich, Not Attending A University
Back in 1993, one of The Godfather’s of crypto and Bitcoin itself (Hal Finney) predicted the rise of NFT’s
Why the price of Bitcoin is significantly higher at Crypto ATMs vs online and in wallets.
The Simple Science Behind the P2T Model and How Bitcoin Will Top Around ~$283k (3rd Halving Cycle)
The Wolf of Wall Street now a Bitcoin believer - This has meme potential
Converting Bitcoin to Fiat as a Business
How to cash out massive amount of Bitcoin?
My Funny Story with Roger Ver
Need advice
Department of Justice Pushing for Fatf Revision of Individuals/Devs/Lightning Network Operators Being Labeled Vasp i.e Precedent to Extradite Non US Citizen, Warrantless Mass Surveillance
One of the Biggest Online Sports Card Auction Houses, Goldin Auctions, now accepting Bitcoin.
Satoshi's White Paper - an alternative interpretation of the Dalinean Prophecy.
Satoshi's White Paper - an alternative interpretation of the Dalinean Prophecy.
UNIT BIAS &amp; RATIO
Satoshi's White Paper - an alternative interpretation of the Dalinean Prophecy.
Pow vs pos debate. Participation is appreciated
I'm 14, should I buy Bitcoin? And would it really be worth it if I did?
PayPal starts taking bitcoin at checkout
Canada Post will now pay employees in Bitcoin
New here , trying to understand how this works, some one help me with a 1 bitcoin 😳🙈💋😘
I'm going to buy $1000 in BTC and basically forget about it for a long time and cross my fingers and hope for the payout down the road. After purchasing from an exchange like Coinbase, just move it to a wallet, correct? Sorry in advance for the dumb question.
Bitcoin Adds Back $150 Billion As Visa, PayPal Rev Up Crypto Offerings And Institutions 'Buy The Dip'
Libertarian "National" Anthem
Who are some knowledgeable speakers/authors like Antonopoulos?
All the confirmation you need to know that I have 🙌💎
So is this new 3 Trillion actually beneficial for the market or has we looking at a dip situation?
I have a little problem here
I’m starting to accept Bitcoin decided to throw this out there to see what you guys think))
African Migrants Are Turning to Cryptocurrency Platforms for ‘Low-Fee Remittances’
Bitcoin Will Make You Rich, Not Attending A University
Bitcoin wallet
Altcoins
Bitcoin on exchanges vs total mined bitcoin
Can't wait to show the world I have 💎🙌
I made a tutorial on how to utilize Bitcoin's Liquid network. I show how to set up a wallet, obtain LBTC, transact and more, while also discussing some of the tradeoffs.
I have severe anxiety from missing out.
Bitcoin and cryptocurrency statement from Turkish President advisor
I built a news app that converts regular top headlines to Bitcoin
PeacockCoin official
Blockchain wallet generated incorrect address?
Can someone explain about Grayscale
Is there a way to create a bitcoin-based dapp?
If Bitcoin is the Internet, which year are we in?
First Nobel Prize of NFT
Companies are now starting to build banking and financial services to help people live on a Bitcoin Standard.
Is there a step by step total noob tutorial for buying BTC and transferring to Coldcard?
Binance bullshi
Stacking Sats - An Illustration of the Growth in a Bull Market
Robinhood won’t let you transfer your crypto to another exchange cause they don’t actually have it
Revolut enabling transfers for Bitcoin soon?
PEACOCKCOIN OFFICIAL
Hermez Lists on AscendEX
If the only things certain in life are death, taxes, and Bitcoin, then we should abolish the income tax, move to a VAT/sales tax (exempt all grocery and food payments from sales tax), and convert all other tax payments to Bitcoin.
Kite’s in a storm!
Is Bitcoin the new Fungi?
Just 1 more
I'm searching for the glorious Risk metric formula
It’s here finally!!! 😊
Bitcoin taxation is broken. Here’s how to fix it: Make the Bitcoin capital gains tax exemption for transactions $10k and lower and people can use it to cover almost 100% of monthly expenses. This is the way.
Crypto e-transfer Canadian platform
I want to invest $1k today and forget about it for 5 years. Seeking advice for a total noob.
Future Of Bitcoin At Stake!
Lowest fees and transfers
For newbies: The Banning of Bitcoin
is Crypto2Exchange a scam ?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Forex Forecast Today Best Trades For Week | weekly forex forecast
More Than 1,000 Clients Paid With Bitcoin Since 2014 - airBaltic
I created a Bitcoin Accepted poster generator for Payments and Donations. Watch and see how easy to use
How far along is this revolution?
What's the average balance for those holding crypto?
UK Releases Bitcoin (BTC), Cryptocurrencies and Staking Guidelines
Miami Mayor wants to turn the city into a bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies mining hub with clean energy
4 Crucial Tips for Cryptocurrency Beginners
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Price analysis 3/29: BTC
Never forget—Panic Selling is for chumps
PayPal rolls out merchant payments in BTC
Oops! A 100% Bitcoin hodl outperformed CNBC&amp;#x27;s 2017 altcoin basket by 170%
Why am i able to purchase more bitcoins from a Coinswitch exchange than Binance p2p?
Tax comparison -- FIFO vs. LIFO w/ example...
Chipotle giving out either free burritos or Bitcoin on April 1st, very interesting...
A bot buys BTC every time Elon Musk tweets about Bitcoin
[Broader Economy] The 40 Yr. Commodity Super-Cycle Including Bitcoin's New Role | Opto Sessions | Episode 55 | Mar 30
Defi Venture XFai Reveals Liquidity Generation Event, Project Backed by Angel Investor Roger Ver
CME Group Introduces Micro Bitcoin Futures Contract
Bitcoin Gets Big Boost As PayPal Announces Cryptocurrency Checkout Service
PayPal is about to jumpstart Bitcoin into the stratosphere!
The Unhashed Podcast: L2 scaling in Ethereum and Bitcoin (w/ Eric Wall &amp; Somsen)
Sweet mother of meat
Awesome oportunitie here $sand $btc
Guy takes the orange pill
Is there a way to not accept a bitcoin payment? Use case: Company doesn't want to accept payments from organization that isn't aligned with their values because optics would be bad or misleading.
He believed Apple’s App Store was safe. Then a fake app stole his life savings in bitcoin.
Estimate for total investment in bitcoin
Raoul Pal Bitcoin- We Are Getting Poorer With Dollar and Inflation
How can I turn my BTC into real money? Pls help me. Thank you
#Bitcoin – Do you think it will reach $60k soon? - Looks like the $1,400 stimulus is going towards tradestockalerts.com – Great Stock Alerts #pennystocks #stockalerts #BTC
#Bitcoin – Do you think it will reach $60k soon? - Looks like the $1,400 stimulus is going towards tradestockalerts.com – Great Stock Alerts #pennystocks #stockalerts #BTC
Pagamos la cuenta en un café con #Bitcoin
March Madness &amp; Blockchain
I need help on how to store my private key phrase for my hardware wallet.
I had a strange dream and Btc tested $21k, If any court case comes up attaching Elon’s name, sell your immediately. Not a financial advice. Dreamer 🥶n
Burrito or Bitcoin
Stake BTC with ledger wallet
MIT Bitcoin Expo 2021: The New Normal
Burrito or bitcoin https://www.usatoday.com/story/money/food/2021/03/30/chipotle-free-burrito-bitcoin-game-national-burrito-day-2021/7042148002/
Burrito or bitcoin
Burrito or bitcoin
Did I just screw myself out of my entire BTC balance?
Abra
How do big companies store Bitcoin
Hello Bitcoin community,please help me.
What Is The Future Of Bitcoin? Raoul Pal And Marks Cuban
Need community participation
Bitcoin: An Unstoppable Stone
How Professional Traders Can Grow Global Bitcoin Trading
How much bitcoin is a good time for you to think that HODLing long term is fine.
Max Keiser - Bitcoin Will Reach A 4 Trillion Dollar Market Cap By 2021
Buying With Bitcoin? PayPal Fine Print Reveals Swap To Fiat
CME Group Introduces Micro Bitcoin Futures Contract
Kraken, Voyager or Gemini?
Blockchain
I don’t know. This seems a little sus to me
Bitcoin + Chipotle?
What are you predicting is the next big piece of news to rocket bitcoin after the PayPal news? Does anyone have any rumours/news?
Bitcoin and Institutional Investor statement from Square's CFO
PayPal launches crypto checkout service, Bitcoin tops 59000$
Chipotle celebrates National Burrito Day by giving away $100,000 in bitcoin this Thursday | Boing Boing
What happens when you start learning about ₿Itcoin
Chipotle?!?!? Something big coming!!
Legit or scam?
All according to plan.
When she finds out how long you are... HODL
When she finds out how long you are... HODL
Bitcoin is gonna End the Fed! Hahaha
Bitcoin Gets Big Boost As PayPal Announces Cryptocurrency Checkout Service
I made this pitchfork in late January. It’s holding strong. I don’t know what I’m doing but... maybe I’m on to something here?
The main advantages of the Bitcoin network
Bitcoin: An Unstoppable Stone
Bnbstake
"Stealth Wealth" and bitcoin advocacy
Is stormgain a trustworthy service?
US Court Rejects SEC’s Attempt to Block XRP Holders’ Motion to Intervene in Ripple Lawsuit
Stacking Sats: How Small Weekly Investments Can Offer Decent Returns
Optimizing Bitcoin With Gloria Zhao
Edward Snowden: Bitcoin privacy sucks
My little liquid store just went live 🚀
PayPal Allows Use Of Cryptocurrencies To Purchase Goods In US
Balaji Srinivasan - Bitcoin and Ethereum, Crypto Oracles, and More | The Tim Ferriss Show
Is there a way to exchange bitcoins between various chains?
I'm trying to educate myself about pros and cons of hardware wallets.
NFTs on Bitcoin (x post from r/stacks)
Chipotle to give away burritos and Bitcoin on National Burrito Day
Please send donations to my bitcoin wallet
Should I make my very first bitcoin investment TODAY?
Wonder what this could be? 🤔
The $200 Million Dollar Bitcoin Scam | Bitclout Scam
What if I told you that, one day, you won't have to sell or spend your BTC but still live a comfortable life?
buying under 18
Good sign.. my gf bought those
Greyscale buys more BTC!
What's the forecast for this upcoming month of April?
It’s stupid not to buy right now!!! Just saying 🤷🏻‍♂️
GBTC
Ray Dalio | Bitcoin Will Be Banned In USA?
Chipotle advertising for National Burrito day includes Bitcoin.
Bakkt Launches Mobile App for Bitcoin (BTC) use
Exchanging our Crypto coins to Bitcoins
World’s first Bitcoin ATM in a Waves coffee shop (Vancouver - Canada) 1BTC = $109 October 2013
What's the forecast for the month of April?
Question about Bitcoin Wallet and CashApp/PayPal
Crypto Brief - March 30th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
Bitcoin on CNN: "Chipotle is giving away $100,000 in Bitcoin".
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
They have no clue.
Burritos Or Bitcoin: Chipotle To Give Away $200k In Free Burritos And Bitcoin To Celebrate National Burrito Day
Bitcoin Price Will Crash Again in the Future, but the Lows Will Be Higher Each Time
PayPal will let US users pay with Bitcoin, Ethereum, and Litecoin starting today
Some Tasty Central Banker FUD from South Korean Central Bank
Do you have friends in countries with unstable fiat currency? One way to teach the power of BTC to others.
Localbitcoin
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Stacking Sats: How Small Weekly Investments Can Offer Decent Returns
NFTs Explained! What does everyone think of this sudden boom?
Bitcoin price history per Halving Epoch!
Chipotle is giving away $100,000 in bitcoin. Good buzz.
Address
Bakkt wallet app
New on Chipotles Website. Anybody have an idea what this is?
Chipotle and Bitcoin?!
Chipotle Bitcoin?! Got this in my email this morning...
Daily Bitcoin News March 29th, 2021
Optimizing Bitcoin With Gloria Zhao
Remember when BitPay stated they will start using SegWit addresses for their invoices in 2020?
The future is now
What's the end game for bitcoin users?
Backtesting website for BTC trading signals
Canadian exchange safety warning: Elon Musk will not double my bitcoin
Paypal President and CEO Dan Schulman buys boots with paypal's checkout with crypto.
Charity
what is cryptocurrency ?
I sold some bitcoin
Coinbase Opens Office in India Despite Crypto Ban Reports
Chipotle ?
Mini Bitcoin Futures, UK Crypto Tax Guide, Michael Jordan &amp; NFTs + More News
PayPal now accepting bitcoin as payment!! BULLISH!!
Looks like one more business is jumping on the train!!
I'm going to start keeping all of these inquiries and compile a library to send people to people when asked. It's usually on a weekly basis.
Bitcoin has won over Institutional Investors. Now it’s time to take on the Government.
PayPal CEO Makes First Bitcoin Purchase with New Crypto Checkout Service
I feel like Bitcoin is graduating high school and going off to college. I have to admit it's a little bittersweet!
CHIPOTLE BURRITOS OR BITCOIN INSTANT WIN GAME
One of these assets isn't behaving like the others. BTC is comin for ya Silver + Gold 🚀🚀🚀
Chipotle giving away 100k worth of bitcoin on national burrito day
Strong hands
What is going on with chipotle...
Coinbase Opens Office in India Despite Crypto Ban Reports
Bitcoin
Bitcoin: When moon?
Optimizing Bitcoin with Gloria Zhao (Brink), Bitcoin Core Contributor | Bitcoin Magazine Mar 30th
Weak handz get rekt
Al Jazeera News Does a 25 Minute Segment on Bitcoin: Clip Highlights - March 14th 2021
Wonder what this is about?
Burritos or Bitcoin
END DAY
Do you want to win 5 DOLLARS FOR FREE in NFT? You only need to register in this new game (do it before APRIL ends)
Hey come join me and mine
Hey come join me and mine
Start your engines! One BTC will be worth a Lambo by 2022, and a Bugatti by 2023: Kraken CEO
This asshole tried to dm me I bet he will tell me if I give him all my wallet info he will double my value in btc the best part is looks like in the pic it’s a guy on a yacht drinking Bombay people with money dnt drink shitty Bombay first give away
What podcast do you recommend to hook a normie?
What is the best podcast to hook a hormone?
https://www.dw.com/en/will-bitcoin-become-millennial-gold/a-56162599
I’m quietly nervous. And a little sweaty
How to invest in Bitcoin (primarily coinbase) when under 18 years old?
Samourai Wallet public addresses
Found wallet from 2016 and overwhelmed with decisions
Nic Carter: Bitcoin Core Values, Layered Scaling, and Blocksize Debates | Lex Fridman Podcast Mar. 31
The Bitcoin Rainbow Chart is actually a DOUBLE RAINBOW!
What safeguards are there for Bitcoin if the government decides to make it illegal?
With US Tax Season Around the Corner, Here’s How to Report Crypto Activity to the IRS
América blockchain
Why doesn’t Bitcoin break that 60 K Mark?
Raspiblitz - Running my own Bitcoin and lightning network node with a Raspberry Pi
You own more Bitcoin than Blackrock
Hardware Equivalent to Google Authenticator for 2FA?
BlackRock Has Begun Trading Bitcoin Futures
20 people needed. Mine Bitcoin. Legit site and real payment proof
CNBC: "BlackRock’s Rick Rieder says the world’s largest asset manager has ‘started to dabble’ in bitcoin"
Market Wrap: Bitcoin Pushes $60K as Goldman, BlackRock Moves Signal Adoption
Hong Kong Security Crackdown Leads to Record Capital Outflows
Go Phish: How This Bitcoin Investor Lost 17 BTC To An iPhone App
Hey is this a scam...?
HODL
What do people think of The Bitcoin Standard book?
Best instant notification on price alerts
What bank do you guys recommend?
How do people keep finding these shady fucking scam websites?
I have a simple question.
Bitcoin Unleashes The Sovereign Individual
BITCOIN UNLEASHES THE SOVEREIGN INDIVIDUAL
First time I have ever seen adoption in a physical store in Sydney
Hope this happens, would love to see it!
Is ZenLedger legit? (Crypto Tax app)
New to cryptocurrency investing
How to mine bitcoin safely
Lipcoins
I made a cool video on how bitcoin works, I'm not asking for subs or likes, but it's appreciated! Srry to waste anyone's time :D
issue with Newton
Is there an easy way to determine if / when it’s profitable to trade that will take the exchange transaction fees into account?
Trouble purchasing Bitcoin on PayPal using bank account
I want buy this coin who can sell to me?
Does anyone have try this website?.
Loading... | Linkvertise
Anyone know if glorybtc.com is legit?
BNY Mellon Report Compares Bitcoin and Gold, Study Says ‘Gold Is the Only Globally Accepted Currency’
Will PayPal drive Bitcoin adoption?
Find out how Bitcoin just ended investing! With Graham Stephan
Get 200$ free amazon gift card
Bitcoin Citadel Orientation Video
Just In : Biden Pitches $2.25 Trillion Plan to ‘Bring Everybody Along’
Analysis of M1 &amp; M2 Money Supply Over the Past Year and How it Relates to Bitcoin
Chipotle bitcoin giveaway
Stake Launches Epic Million Dollar Race For April
Bitcoin trying to get past 59K
Changing world!
How can I make 1btc fast, since I'm new to crypto world..any tips?
How can I invest in bitcoin?
Bitcoin passphrase and recovery key help
Mine Bitcoin with ONLY as passive income? You surely DON'T wanna miss it!
América blockchain
Bitcoin and the Stock Market Crash
Don't get caught sleeping.
Is coinbase pro the best place to buy crypto?
Breaking news PayPal is all in on bitcoin!! Now its accepting bitcoin a...
How do I see what my average purchase price is?
Free bitcoin
Just wanted to say
Frank Giustra challenges Michael Saylor to gold vs Bitcoin debate
BlackRock, one of the world's largest asset management companies, has announced an investment in Bitcoin (BTC)!
Email acct used to register with exchange
ICM Mining APP
Criptovalute
Micropayments with Lightning, what are some good examples of current or future implementations?
Bitcoin Audible: Read_512 - Why The Yuppie Elite Dismiss Bitcoin [Croesus]
HOW TO BUY ECOMI (OMI) BEFORE UNISWAP LISTING! UP +470% IN MARCH BITFOREX MOON TIME DONT MISS OUT NFT
Investment
Why is the number of Bitcoins held in reserves by Binance smaller than the number of issued Binance Bitcoins on BSC?
The news of the Chinese developing and creating the rules for a Chinese backed Crypto coin did not get enough attention this week. America needs to counter by backing Bitcoin’s decentralized model.
Trading investment
Bitcoin cringes at the "fintech revolution" - lulz
End of Bull Market Indicators
HELP UNDERSTANDING WALLETS PLEASE!
My new plate has a price prediction for you
Whenever I see the color red
How I Synced full ~350GB Bitcoin Core blockchain in under 11 hours on AWS EC2
Bitcoin / Bitbond Loan Write-Offs and the IRS
Is zzbit atm legit ?
Help Me Understand Michael Saylor &amp; His Money Supply Argument for BTC
Tainted bitcoins and how miners can cleanse them
The Macro Case For Investing In Bitcoin
https://youtu.be/IlWOjG7Wzyg
Voyager buys first full season suite for 1 BTC at Oakland A
Are there legit seller about Credit Card or Prepaid Card that selling on DeepWeb?
Exchanges are Becoming Banks (Relevant to Coinbase Wash Trading)
Electrum 4.1 (Kangaroo) is out!
This is the newest project of him?
I wrote "Bitcoin 40 days" on my calendar for April 12th. Not sure why...
I took a loan to buy Bitcoin
Something I have never heard a Bitcoin maxi say : tps 🤣🤣
What caused this morning’s quick drop
Maybe I’m doing something wrong but I noticed Coinbase pro and coin metrics have very different btc prices. And then I checked on good old google and it seems Coinbase price matches but what’s up with coin metrics ? Inflated price 🤦🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤬
Bitcoin indicators
New to bitcoin and want to buy some to know what it feels like to own and spend some. Where can I start?
Wtf??
BTC v BCH v BSV
Life on the Run- An Insiders Look at John McAfee on the Run
Azteco Now Offering Lightning Network Vouchers
What’s up with this?
They started selling filled potatoes with Bitcoin in Turkey
Burritos Or Bitcoin: Chipotle To Give Away $200k In Free Burritos And Bitcoin To Celebrate National Burrito Day
Looking to buy some bitcoin just to know what it feels like owning crypto-currency. What are the most important do's and dont's?
0.1 BTC EVERY HOURS
Bitcoin Uses As Much Energy As Sweden and Is on Course to Use Even More
Someone found a way to mine bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies with a Game Boy (but it’s kinda slow)
Question about CashApp/Coinbase and BTC ($5000)
Have fun staying Po
Time for my daily dose.
Question about s2f model. What happens in May 2021
Dollar Cost or All In?
Anyone tried them i need reviews ? Many peoples said they are reals @bitcoinloan11
Hello.
Proof-of-work IS a form of Proof-of-stake
Thank you bitcoin community.
Can this be trusted?
Help with btc wallet
Bitcoin in videogames
My on-again, off-again history with Bitcoin...
Anyone in ARGO blockchain?
MY BIRTHDAY GETAWAY TO A SECRET LOCATION lol...George always knows how to spoil me on my birthday and for that I am super grateful. Super grateful that he shared my vision of being able to work anywhere in the world without being “tied down” to one
Everything humans have done and will do, will be in the blockchain forever and never lost.
We Are All Satoshi Nakamoto
Goldman Sachs To Offer Clients Bitcoin Investment Vehicles
Alex Jones on the Andrew Schulz Show. Some funny Bitcoin Talk.
Wallet address?
Digital Euro Summer, Enjin Filled With Millions, Biden's USD 2T Tax Plan + More News
TIL never ever tell someone about your bitcoin
M(IL)K ULTRA by Charlotte Kemp Muhl just dropped https://foundation.app/Kemp
Just opened my hot wallet and have less than half of what I had before
At what point will we stop comparing the price of Bitcoin to USD, because of USD losing it's purchasing power?
Which bank will Kraken / Coinbase buy first?
Btc dump
Bitcoin under 18
Have the Teletubbies fallen down the Bitcoin rabbit hole?
Question regarding how to secure bitcoin
Just received a call in Germany about a "bitcoin bonus" - Watch out for scammers
What the hell just happened?
My father laughed off me because of bitcoin
Meltem Demirors on Bitcoin and the Future of Decentralized Finance (podcast)
The Teletubbies Are Bullish on BTC
RARE BITCOIN CRYPTO POP ART NFT
Roger Ver and Bitcoin
BlackRock held $360,000 (0.0014% of BlackRock’s Global Allocation Fund) in CME bitcoin futures earlier this year, new SEC filings show.
Chipotle to Give Away Burritos and Bitcoin for National Burrito Day
How do I backup my google auth incase my phone is lost stolen or damaged?
The Cost of Proof of Work
Canadian NDAX.io. Users Beware - They Threatened Me Over THEIR Mistake - Another Story of Exchanges Being Sketchy AF
Remember the 10K bitcoin pizzas story? I made this to represent that event in the cryptoworld lol
Mine free bitcoin with site
Predictions tonight?
Are you even negative on any of your BTC purchases? Unfortunately this won't last much longer. Who else bought at 61.6k? 😎
US Treasury’s Proposed Crypto Wallet Rule Is Unconstitutional, Warns Civil Rights Group
Tesla Submits Disclosure To BTCPay Server, Leading To New Security Release
I won the BlockFi Diamond Hands T-shirt sweepstakes
Predictions for Teeka Tiwari’s pick tonight? “Crypto’s next trillion-dollar coin”
This is the newest project of him?
At the dawn of a new Internet, is Bitcoin on path to replace Gold?
Ok
Put my life savings in Bitcoin?
What is going on
Blockfi confirms I have 💎🙌 bitcoin hodler
Who is Satoshi Nakamoto?
taxi/uber theft deterrent sign for modern times
Fast Browser with Bitcoin Miner on Board included Wallet
Bitcoin invented by aliens
I love the 10K Bitcoin pizzas story, so I made this! Now is an NFT and you can have it!
All the confirmation you need to know I have 💎🙌
My $1000 Beginners Crypto Portfolio - Which Altcoins I'm Buying (April 2021)
So I started Bitcoin today!
Goldman Sachs To Offer Clients Bitcoin Investment Vehicles
I can’t stop staring
Better asset
I bought 40 dollars in crypto today in effort to hopefully have a little more money over time
African Migrants Are Turning to Cryptocurrency Platforms for 'Low-Fee Remittances' – Emerging Markets Bitcoin News
I made a Bitcoin Pizza Day NFT!
A New Canadian BTC Podcast
Tesla Submits Disclosure To BTCPay Server, Leading To New Security Release
I’m a fan of Teletubbies again.
Change your WiFi Network Name to: Buy Bitcoin
Should i buy Bitcoin right now?
Flipkart, the largest e-commerce store in India is now accepting bitcoin as payment.
How does the MACD indicator work? A look at $DOT - Making Crypto Easy
p2p bitcoin :D (paypal)
Bitcoin Platform
In a Little While
The next big company
Toxic
Welcome to our new Bitcoin friends
Safest Staking Platform for BTC?
A coming of age tale and a warning about opportunity cost
Earn Bitcoin while you just play games! So fun, so easy!
Chipotle is giving away $100,000 in bitcoin
Strike Launches In El Salvador
A Bitcoin Maximalist On Central Banks With Daniel Prince
I am Ali Susani Cheze, known as Asusani or As, born in Iran and Tehran to have a share of Bitcoin Inc. in the world today. They use drugs and my whole life has been disrupted by the Iranian government and government officials and they say that I have to hand over my money to the Iranian government.
Goldman Sachs to offer Bitcoin investments to wealthy clients
Is there a good debit card that offers BTC rewards?
IDEX coin and BTC
bitcoin
F You Money! [E16] 60K is the Last Resistance!
Teletubbies are also getting in on $Bitcoin.
U.S.-Based Mining Firm Marathon Wants To Create Different Categories of Bitcoin. Will there eventually be good and bad BTC?
مردی که نانوس شیعه را میفروشد به گفته علی اکبر جیرسرایی و میثم رحمت ابادی و علی قالیباف فرزند رییس مجلس شورای اسلامی ایران سید علی خامنه ای ختران نوجوان ایران ایلامی را به کشور های همسایه و محاور صادر میکند اهنه افزودند که این بی ناموس حرامزاده انها را مرتد دانسته و راهکارب برای تجارت ایران و وارد
Still a bit of a hike to 60K:
Buy BITCOIN for your kids, for the sake of TELETUBBIES ! 😡😡
I was bored and spent a night speaking to a scammer, i love to give them some hope 😂😂 and see their game untill the end, careful guys even if its a stupid try
Bitcoin to the moon $$$$$$$$$
Goldman Sachs Getting Front Run By Bitcoin YouTube Subscribers - March 31st 2021
What happens if hardware wallet fails or is destroyed?
I was bored and spent a night speaking to a scammer, i love to give them some hope 😂😂 and see their game untill the end, careful guys even if its a stupid try
I've noticed a bunch of uninformed economic ignorance being posted regarding the bitcoin pizza purchase
Goldman Sachs "Behind The Curve" Finally Offering Bitcoin Exposure 2nd Quarter | March 31st 2021
Has anyone else been buying the dips and selling the peaks? I feel it will do this a couple more times before it shoots to the moon. I wish I had enough to buy at least one whole Bitcoin when I started. I'd be $50k richer. ;-;
Bitcoin is DeFi, and It's the Biggest Cultural Fight of Our Lives, the Separation of State and Money
What
👀👀
Got this in the mail today, so excited!
*laughs in evil*
Lightning Network payments app Strike is now available on the App Store and Google Play Store to customers based in El Salvador!
Due to the devaluation of tubbie toast..
The legend has spoken
Investors call
Daily Bitcoin News March 30th, 2021
Is There Inflation or Not? | Michael Saylor
Your not going to get rich, but I figure that it makes sense to earn BTC while browsing the Internet especially since the BAT was taken away from the Brave browser for iOS devices , so I decided to go back to crypto tab and I like the new features plus it seems to earn a little faster than before.
Fake Trezor iPhone App Scams User Out of $600,000 in Bitcoin
Saw they sell bitcoin at my bank's ATM....it's really happening isn't it....
I wonder if the woman who left the guy on /r/bitcoin because he didn't sell at 60K is trying to get back with him now.
NFT
Goldman to Offer Bitcoin Investing for Wealthy Clients
Goldman Sachs to Offer ‘Full Spectrum’ of Bitcoin Investments
Bitcoin Optech #142: Lightning Network Path Selection And Bitcoin Stack Exchange
Don't mess
Is this reality?
Bitcoin cash campaign from Bangladesh
Here is my story, no I'm not a millionaire, been very modest in what I was able to afford to buy. But not complaining.
How This Person Missed On Becoming a Multi-Billionaire? Bitcoin Stories
All The Fundamental Analysis You'll Ever Need
Teletubbies?!?!
How are rappers going to flex their Bitcoin?
Lyn Alden BEAUTIFULLY Explains GBTC "Premium/Discount" Dynamics, Then Goes On To Discuss COMING Bitcoin ETFs | What Bitcoin Did | Mar 31
I'm doing my part! :D
The Blocksize War – Chapter 2 – March To War
Lady buys a castle with Bitcoin
Bitcoin Going Mainstream. 10yr Yield Drops, Dollar Lower.
I'm sorry what?
They keep printing. I keep buying btc.
What would happen to value of bitcoin if the US stock market crashed again?
Can someone please explain why Bitcoin (BTC) is struggling to break through the £44,000 after numerously hitting 43,500?
Eh-Oh...what could the Teletubbies be possibly hiding from us? Stay tuned for something BIG this week.
Binance Exchange : The Best Crypto trading platform
What wallet can I quickly move my funds to?
Bitcoin adoption in Africa
Latest edition to the Bitcoin rocket ship: Teletubbies? Welcome aboard - let’s go!
Burritos or bitcoin...
Did CME group get Rekt with March Futures contracts?
What is happening here ? ?_?
From a Chipotle email today
A platform to create collections on topics like BTC and other cryptocurrencies
Thoughts? That's a lot of free advertising
I know some will say, "STUPID!" But maybe this will help ONE person out there who is new. "iPhone user blames Apple for $600K Bitcoin theft via fake app."
For all Filipinos out there: Crypto News and Info
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, March 31, 2021
Thats right bitches
Specter Wallet Releases Version 1.3.0
Robinfarm pre-sale is officially live now
Kraken CEO: end of year could be a Bitcoin, a Lamborghini
Dave Ramsey still not on board
This is a scenario that it could slingshot Bitcoin beyond what we could imagine so soon. I’d prefer it just be a crazy conspiracy theory, tho. Sorry if it doesn’t pass rule 5.
Kraken CEO - J Powell - Predicts One Bitcoin Will Be Worth A Lambo By End of Year- March 31th 2021
Breathe.
For the love of all that’s holy and good in this world, remove your freaking sell limits.
binance one of the most famous brokers !
Bitcoin is getting stronger.
There are as many combinations of your wallet's 24 seed words, as there are atoms in the universe
Bitcoin Optech #142: Lightning Network Path Selection And Bitcoin StackExchange
what is white paper
[PETITION] [CAL] Coinbase has been locking accounts, looping user in and spamming response emails about a “specialist” contacting users to fix their problems.
Oakland A's Say They Plan to HODL Bitcoin, Will Use Gains To Sign Free
Goldman Sachs Bitcoin Investment Offering Coming in Q2: Report
What about this idea?
FBAR and Kucoin
I did a lot of research about why you might want to get a "Bitcoin-backed loan" and found several reasons I didn't realize before.... here's my explainer I made about it!
Buy Bitcoin now there is at least 69x upside
Research study on Bitcoin Adoption in Africa
END DAY
The next all time high
Inflation: Even the bakery can’t keep up!!
Great content from a technical standpoint, the biggest challenges investors face can range from controlling the impulsiveness to the frailty of compulsion. Most newbies and investors often undermine and neglect the importance of technical analysis to trading Technical analysis on Telegram @Miles62
Good Friday... The "Crypto Creed"
Bitcoin in a nutshell...
Super Affiliate system how To Start a Wildly Profitable 7 figure Marketing Business complete Affiliate Training for more details 👇👇
Any thoughts on Humbl? What do you guys think of their ETX live in United Stated tomorrow?
Independent Local Stablecoin Booming in South Korea’s Buyeo
Does anyone know about $HMBL and their ETX being launched tomorrow Friday the 2nd?
WARNING: If you have a BitPay Card, check your balance now!
Moeda digital
JPMorgan Adjusts Its Bitcoin Target to $130,000, Predicting Strong Institutional Adoption
Whats going on? it is rising so fast
Click the link and join if you're interested in mining bitcoin using your smartphone!
What color lambo should I get?
Future planning, children, and trusts
Bitcoin Stories: Joseph Weinberg, Shyft Network, Part 3 (Ep. 92)
Trying to get started, a basic question would really appreciate feedback please
The Power of ETH and BCH: Smart Bitcoin Cash Project Highlights Innovative Sidechain
Bitcoin Core Wallet recovery
Has it really been 2 years already?
Should I FOMO?
Why is Bitcoin price so different on these 2 exchanges? Pics taken at same time.
Ask my bank for a loan to buy BTC
Back in Striking Distance of the ATH
Finally Bitcoin up to 60k
Multiplayer Gaming - Blockchain use, in-game crypto-backed currency, and NFTs attached to unique in-game items
Offline Wallet Phone Application for IOS and/or Android
Good portfolio for tracking Bitcoin
Cash out through online gambling? Or am I going mental?
$60K!
Finally!
Back at $60k!!!
$60,000 BTC 🚀🎉
Looks like a bunch of investment banks are opening up exposure to Bitcoin. Question on if we can see what they are actually doing.
Start For Free!
Elon is doing his part
Bitcoin is showing another historical sign of a major breakout upward. Been holding its 58500-59500 price solid, with only upward hills every month. 60k tomorrow, following new ATH by this weekend....
Lost wallet, attempting to find additional info!
SLP264 Roy Sheinfeld Podcasting 2.0 &amp; Lightning with Breez
Adam Back?
Btc pricing
Mathematical Mystery: Why Did The Bitcoin Rally Stop At The Golden Ratio?
There are 1,930 $1M+ Bitcoin Whale Transactions Per Day Today, Compared to 229 Per Day One Year Ago (a +743% Increase)
FREEBITCO.IN Redeem your reward points for some awesome prizes and bonuses here!
$200 Amazon gift card
Gemini earn dropped rates. Could Genisis be in trouble?
Too bad I don’t have this luck with lottery tickets, can’t complain though 🚀
LightningConductor.net took my LN sats
Burner email for Swan Bitcoin?
New Data Shows Bitcoin Captured Net Gains For Six Consecutive Months
how do I move my btc from OkCoin to my wallet
A Bitcoin Will Be Worth a Bugatti in 2022, Says Kraken CEO Jesse Powell
Hi I FOUND THIS BITCOIN GENERATOR, CHECK IT
Just gonna leave it here for all yall to see lmao
Exchange
I Just Created a Token and Presale Live!
at last, I made 400% profit from BTC in three months.
best bitcoin app
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.03.29
Binoroix.com
I made a Krypto Kreme Bitcoin NFT!
I'm proud to say am among the people benefiting from trading, I just got another $8,500 from an investment of $720 all thanks to Trader Raymond I recommend him to anyone looking for money or a good profitable online business, contact Trader Raymond on WhatsApp : +1 (251) 225-3024
Ways to send crypto without internet
FIFO Bitcoin App
Can I earn $2,000 daily? The answer is yes
Had me for a second ngl
Black rock, Morgan Stanley, Pay Pal, Bakkt etc.
Looking for a community :)
Jsk
Bitcoin customer service contact details
Moeda digital
IS BTC FALLING?
Helping with Crypto
we forgot our passcode to our bitcoin account and we need your help to crack it - reward $100,000 BTC
A Crypto/Stock Tracker You Can Download
Can we see some BTC diamond hands from 2009?
Post those BTC diamond hands from 2009
Not Much but I think initially it went up $1.00
Yooo, my wallet made this cool poem for me after I made it
Last Bitcoin Rally of the 2020 halving.
Good time to buy btc
How is montlyfool still a thing😐
The Fourth Amendment requires the government to get a warrant before conducting a search or seizure, so why do people accept as normal that financial institutions turn over sensitive financial data to governments without a warrant?
CoinBase Stocks?
Let’s go there, happy new month ❤️🌟
Shall I put my life savings on Crypto? (10k) age 23
Court Authorizes Service of John Doe Summons seeking identities of U.S. Taxpayers that Used Cryptocurrency
Bitcoin’s Price Consolidates, Elon Musk Tweet Sends Dogecoin Surfing, Filecoin Surges
Abkhazia to Criminalize Crypto Mining and Extend ‘Temporary’ Ban
The Power of Technical Analysis
Is Bitcoin fork an inherent weakness , does it defeats the purpose of decentralisation as now it can be controlled by miners?
He sold?
BITCOIN CHIPOTLE
BTC PRICE (or you die)
Join the smarties!
Every time there’s a dip.
Will Bitcoin be regulated by the government?
IRS Seeks Names of Circle Customers Transacting Over $20K in Crypto
Elon Musk makes electrical cars because he has a bad conscience because mining BTCs costs so much energy
Trading Sideways!
Totally undervalued Bitcoin Mining Stock! $BTC.CN Bluesky Digital Assets. Huge Q1 financials announced today
Crypto winter
xSigma Developments Continue Following Amazing First Month
Made this unique Minecraft-themed Bitcoin mining artwork GIF!
Can Governments and Nations still exist if the Bitcoin breaks trough? I mean they won't get a lot of taxes anymore
Get BITCOIN for free without investment ($59,843+) | Earn 1 BTC in 1 day
Community member NFTs are live on bitcointalk!
Dollar-cost averaging or buying the dip
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Local Bitcoin question - Sent all BTC to different address
What will happen after the last BTC is mined?
Warning About using Paxful.com They have frozen my account for over 48 days without an explanation.
“ Government will ban Bitcoin “
I heard that if I say something good about Bitcoin c@sh in this sub, I’ll get banned! True? Yes, I think Bitcoin c@sh is brilliant!
Crypto o(ve)r Coffee • #Bitcoin for complete beginners
GPU market dead until 2140
Coinbase cites Satoshi Nakamoto as a risk to its business
I heard that if I say something good about Bitcoin cash in this sub, I’ll get banned! True? Yes, I think Bitcoin cash is brilliant!
Simple website to track guesses for Chipotle Bitcoin or Burritos event
Help me please
How can bitcoin reach 100k? I need clarity about market cap and such
I heard that if I say something good about Bitcoin cash in this sub, I’ll get banned! True? Yes, I think Bitcoin cash is brilliant! Original and best!
Central bank digital currencies are a potential threat to bitcoin, but only temporary, says Soros Fund Management’s chief investment officer.
what happens when there are no more rewards for validating blockchains?
Can bitcoin be hacked this way?
Is bitcoin a medium that can transfer powers of the west somewhere else?
Popular Bobblehead Manufacturer Funko Announces New Lineup of NFT Products
The $5 Wrench Attack And Your Bitcoin Stack
I want Bitcoin to win big. I converted the rest of my shitcoins to bitcoin.
Why is it taking that much amount? Help.
Petitioning Bitcoin to go to $100k by the end of day. Add a comment if you want that to happen.
[Discussion] Trust as Bitcoin’s biggest advantage &amp; weakness
Could anyone help me feel more comfortable with my wallet choice?
ABD?
South Korea to Introduce Blockchain-Powered COVID-19 “Vaccine Passports”
Coinbase going public on April 14 under ticker "COIN"
69,420$ April fools BTC Price
59K
Chipotle Bitcoin
Fortnite now has a skin for all us gamer HODLers!
A Huge Thanks to Mike Novogratz from 34 Million Americans
Bitcoin fixes this.
How to get a withdrawals address
Chipotle promo ends with marketing team member stealing the bitcoin
Gemini Earn program lowers BTC interest rate.
An interesting video on elasticity of altcoins relative to bitcoin
I'm not mad, I'm just disappointed.
Patience patience
Morgan Stanley Files To Offer Bitcoin Exposure Through Institutional Funds
Can I have permission to promote my cryptotab link please?
Any good Canadian exchanges?
The $5 Wrench Attack And Your Bitcoin Stack
Monthly chart shows a nice cup and handle pattern before Easter weekend - HE IS RISEN
Brrrrr
NEW YORK CITY COIN - OUT NOW!!
BTCAsia.com
Oakland Athletics Baseball Team Finally Sells Ticket for 1 BTC | BTCMANAGER
NEW YORK CITY COIN
This is the way
Mining Bitcoin FREE!!
What Is An Onboarding Software And How To Build A Custom One?
India Banning Bitcoin??
April fools
One of the most important BTC approvals
Sorry but this is like the best April Fools joke happening as we speak!
Mines £14.27 in but coin, goes to check electricity usage meter
Alot of you have lost the plot. You need to remember why bitcoin was created.
Please do😂 Brrrrrrrrrrrrr
Need help
How do you secure your BTC? all I read is horror storries
Bitcoin MarketCap &gt; 1T thoughts?
They Stopped Updating The Fiat Money Supply...
US Judge Dismisses Antitrust Case Accusing Bitmain, Kraken, and BCH Devs of Manipulation
Savings plan on crypto
Double Doji
Turn your free time into profit :D
Makes £14.36 mining Bitcoin, goes to check electrical cost meter
Directory of l33t urls in cryptoland
Thanks to the Federal Reserve, 'savings account' is now an oxymoron. Bitcoin &amp; Defi seems to be the future.
Peter Schiff Says He Was Wrong About Bitcoin
A new Bitcoin (BTC) step from banking giant Morgan Stanley
Bitcoin=Freedom
Morgan Stanley Details Bitcoin Exposure Plans in SEC Filings
How much good news have we had over the past 48 hours?
So, I made this! Just finished painting a small crypto collection which I wanted to create for a looooong time ☺️ Hopefully you'll like it! Gonna make more in future, feedback/ideas welcome! Some more details in comments if anyone wants to know more about the paintings! Cheers! [Artwork]
Free Bitcoin
Coin Race: Top Winners/Losers of March and 1st Quarter of 2021
I am an pro trader genious and I had an ideal of risk investment but profitble send me 200USD in BTC and I will make an operation on IQ option(I target +90% of my ops) than I send back what you sent more +50%, for the kids it is not a scam, chat me private for more info. Lets makes new emotions!
Anyone else get the feeling Michael Saylor is pumping for a dump...?
Best place to convert Bitcoin to cash?
Bitcoin is all grown up now
This is the newest project of him?
Morgan Stanley Files To Offer Bitcoin Exposure Through Institutional Funds
Morgan Stanley's Exposure to Bitcoin, Dr. Luke Prescribes BTC + More News
Thsts it!!!!!
THERE WILL NEVER BE CONVERGENCE BETWEEN GOLD AND BTC
join this bitcoin browser you can mine bitcoin while using the internet like everyday tasks
Pi-Invitation code ➡️➡️gjolew
Help! I need a Bitcoin wallet.
To all the Folks who put down others for safe investment strategies of buying dips and hodling! Please stop!
$76,000 and counting!
As Tesla takes the plunge, wary insurers watch crypto craze from the sidelines
Interview: Banking On Bitcoin With Max Carjuzaa
Invest in Cryptocurrency with Digital prime Trade
Dogecoin Rallies After Elon Musk Commits “Literal Moon” to DOGE Bulls
GBTC
What happens when the max supply of 21 million btc is reached?
Transaction fee's on Pro Coin Base plz
There's No Such Thing As A Fixed Hard Cap When It Comes To Bitcoin And Other Cryptocurrencies
Peter Schiff finally admit he was wrong about Bitcoin
Has anyone won Chipotle’s bitcoin giveaway yet? Damn what’s this code?
Trading has never been so easy as with QoinIQ
Btc to Xmr Transfer Fee Increase
Dual Funded Channels with c-lightning Webinar (by Lisa Neigut)
I can only buy Bitcoin 20 days from now. What do you guys reckon?
Chipotle National Burrito Day Sweepstakes!
New HAI Token Listing
Berkshire Hathaway purchases 21,000,000 BTC!!
Are Governments looking to buy Bitcoin?
i am a happy man
A glimpse into the future ...
Burritos or Bitcoin game. Guess a 6-digit passcode to win free burritos or Bitcoin value at $500 or $25k. Real deal from Chitpotle.
Transferring my sats
NOW BOBBY, DON'T YOU BE GALLIVANTING WITH NO VICKY VALLENCOURT IN HER TESLA....ELON MUSK IS THE DEVIL!!!!
Bitcoins or Burrito’s... ALRIGHT BTC COMMUNITY!
Do you know any Bitcoin Billionaires in 2021?
Please Venmo me $$? @evpgreer03
So this happened today. It's almost funny how much the global financial landscape has changed.
Banking On Bitcoin With Max Carjuzaa
New Suez Protocol to Incentivize Canal Dredging, Offer Digital Collectibles, and Split Toll Proceeds
You can't eat a Bitcoin
What Turned the 'Wolf of Wall Street' Into a Bitcoin Believer?
You can't eat a Bitcoin
How to prove you own bitcoin as an asset?
Bitcoin backer MicroStrategy initiated at a buy at BTIG, partly on the back of $95,000 forecast for the crypto by 2022
BTC is inches away from it's ATH.
Is Paxful a Criminal Organization?
Easy Online Income
allen farrington on Twitter: a pinky promise non-sarcastic, non-trolly thread making an honest attempt to evaluate the merit of @EricRWeinstein 's seemingly wacky ideas on #bitcoin. call it an olive branch now that he seems to be coming around. 1/
BTC and ETH are inches away from their ATHs.
Malta to accept tax payments in Bitcoin
After several months of consolidation, BTC.D appears to have broken down. Multiple alts seem to be responding.
Send this is anyone who hasn't bought Bitcoin yet.
do we have an alternative to exodus?
Bitcoin never got to trust wallet?
Peter Schiff finally admit he was wrong about Bitcoin
FinCEN Rule Would Expose All Bitcoin Transactions
Chipotle is giving away Bitcoin in their National Burrito Day contest...
Why is BTC trading sideways? Is this normal?
Crypto Exchange Discord Server
Crypto Exchange Discord Server
Coinbase delays in contacting me
Bitcoin and silver bullion
FinCEN Rule Would Expose All Your Bitcoin Transactions: EFF
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Who is the greatest Bitcoin investor of all time and why?
Spending stimmy on BTC with Spencino, Visa &amp; USDC, Billionaire reverses on BTC: To the Moon ep. 7
Daily Bitcoin News April 1st, 2021
Bitcoin Network Status Update Thursday, April 01, 2021
Violence, Money And Bitcoin
Coin
April fools? 1.2B? Really?
🚀🚀🚀
Peter Schiff: "I was wrong about #Bitcoin ₿ ." Best April Fool's Day joke ever- the joke is on him
It took two weeks, but a day before the season opener and their established deadline, the Oakland A’s finally sold their first six-seat suite for 2021 for one bitcoin.
Bitcoin Full Node on Game Consoles?
Reddit says I need 1 upvote to post in a certain group
Best April Fool's Day joke ever- the joke is on him
This is the easiest way to use BTC in the browse
Having no btc exposure is just risky at this point.
Fun with Bitcoin: Interview with @Mutatrum
IMF Silently Creates New Money Layer, Why You Need to Leave the Banks
National Burrito Day 2021: Chipotle to give away free burritos and $100,000 in Bitcoin Thursday
Peter Schiff: I was wrong about Bitcoin
First investment into crypto - Went with Ethereum! ⚡️🪙
Daily traders will burn in hell!
What do I want?
First coin investment! Jumped into Ethereum
Litecoin rebrands to BitcoinLite
Best bitcoin exchange for self-directed IRA?
Inside a Bitcoin mining farm
George Soros started to invest in Bitcoin companies
Morgan Stanley files to add bitcoin exposure across a dozen institutional funds
Morgan Stanley Registers Funds With Up to 25% Bitcoin Allocation
My mind is numb, please help me find a decent exchange
Bullish!
Welcome Peter Schiff
Peter Schiff surrenders
Made a Bitcoin QR Code friend referral to Coinbase. So you don't mind me getting a bit of the referral money, then print this out and leave it on the street or something. I mean maybe it could lure and transform some normies into bitcoin hodls and speed up the transition to Crypto. (I won't sell :-)
From now on, it's all about stacking your SATS.
Father Laughs Off Son’s Financial Hopes: How the Ones You Love the Most Want to See Bitcoin Fail
I compared the Bitcoin price with its Google search volume
A list of the original DPR bookclub
Should i buy now or wait for the dip ?
Bitcoin / Ether / Litecoin allocation
My bitcoin investment finally reached 6 figures today! Blessed to be a part of this community 🙏
Violence, Money And Bitcoin
Looking for altruistic investors for the common good
What is btcrune?
END DAY
Crypterium
Hi I’m Bit, a rescued Micro Analog Bitcoin Miner
The more it goes up...
Sell unused bandwidth, new btc payment minimum withdrawal 1$ paypal 5$ btc
Yeah baby! You know it! Just picked this up zapping through channels
Ethereum all-time high
Capacitors charging
Plano Quinquenal blockchain
More money into Bitcoin—Price analysis 4/2: BTC, ETH, BNB, ADA, DOT, XRP, UNI, LTC, LINK, THETA
Anyone ever actually realize gains?
Free btc server depend mining platform
Beginner - Need Help Please
Sell unused bandwidth, new btc payment option
Sell unused bandwidth, new btc payment option
Just getting banned. Coldfusion, a YouTuber with 2.91 million subs just posted the truth about how Bitcoin was hijacked. Go over to r/btc for some non-censored discourse.
Truefacet &amp; Bitpay
Bit- Piggy
DOGE Soars on Musk’s Moon Tweet, Will a Bitcoin Be Worth a Bugatti?
How to start off???
Why do you think Crypto will take over fiat?
Everything is possible if you want.
What is so special about 60k?
Keep Calm
Any plans on going to proof-of-stake for bitcoin?
The Beer Industry Prepares for the Crypto Bro
How to protect your investment in bear market?
Job title
What is cryptocurrency, how does it work and why do we use it?
Haven't made one of these faces in a while...
Bitcoin and beyond
Bitcoin Mining Difficulty Sets New Records, BTC Miners Capture $1.5 Billion in Revenue Last Month
Electrum Seed
Russian Central Bank Wants to ‘Limit’ Stablecoin Use in Payments
Bitcoin Day to Day Use
Bitcoin cancelled transaction fee still pending?
Why should you invest in Bitcoin in 2021? More crypto content on the way
So will Bitcoin jump to break 70k this weekend?
Strong resistance in 60 61 , if break 61, maybe 65 is the next floor.
Can someone please help me understand how to do this? [will pay]
TENDRIL SAFRONS
1000 BTC bounty in Falcon and the Winter Soldier. 60M dollars now and probably way more in 2023!
Don't mind sharing I've shed a few recent tears watching the Bitcoin dream become a reality.
Bitcoin Is Both A Protocol And A Currency
Bought into BTC in 2019 for an average of $3K, ended up selling months later at $12K to buy a ring. RIP
Best way to store coins
Which Chart app/site do you use? And how do you like looking at the chart?
A Deep Dive Into Bitcoin’s Contango
My experience converting cash into BTC for the first time
How Avalanche’s bridge to ETH and BTC could take over DeFi
Just negotiated a 12-month salary priced and paid in Bitcoin
#SpoilerAlert
Report bitcoin on taxes? (U.S.)
This is not a post about specific shitcoins, but the use of shitcoins as a tool to increase your BTC
Questions on buying Tesla with Bitcoin
Plano Quinquenal blockchain
Japanese Regulator Aims to Implement FATF Rules Toward Crypto Companies in 2022
Cryptocurrency for Beginners
Bitcoin investment
1 year ago I wanted to buy my son a new car
Bring her to the dark side lol
Ledger live lending
I am a 42 year old bitcoin regretter.
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
3 minute read: Why Bitcoin is the World’s Most Inclusive Institution
*sigh*
Is Blockfi a reliable place to hold Bitcoin?
This is the newest project of him?
Nerver saw this one before so I made it
Old BTC Wallet Mystery
Old BTC Wallet Mystery
Build on POW
It ain't much, but it's honest...
Bitcoin payment processor?
Whatever u think is happening ... zoom out and look closer
We’re very early ...
Friendly Reminder To HODL
Using another wallet to retrieve BTC
HOT TIP! Bittorent going wild!
Bitcoin truly brings life, my sister in law is now pregnant because Bitcoin reached $50k!!!
Stamped Seed Metal Corrosion Experiment
Bitcoin gets a mention in the latest episode of The Falcon and The Winter Soldier!
Polish Tax Office sells 2 BTC
Please, educate people who watch this misinformation video before it’s been spread out.
Does the price of bitcoin seem “busier” than usual?
A man loses $1 million in bitcoin after downloading fake Wallet App from AppStore | Be careful
What are fancy job titles for being a crypto investor?
Metakoven ($69m NFT buyer) gives interview in front of Hal Finney portrait
Bitcoin acquisition milestones
Popular children's program Teletubbies enters the world of Bitcoin
Dips
Kalimbera accepts BTC as payment AND plants 1 TREE for 1 ORDER. We need more progressive businesses like this! Huge thumbs up!
taxes question about stable-coin
YouTube's Cold Fusion says that BTC has been highly compromised, and even controlled, by big banks thanks to Blockstream (Lightning network). What do others think about this?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iYn6EQDqTkU
Airdrop
As good as gold? Nah so much better!
First game on the very first 100% decentralized operating system
Where can I buy visa gift card with NO time limit?
Is Bitcoin beyond a BAN in the USA? What do you think? ⚡️🐺
Adam Back
Earn BTC on the double
Please! If you are new to bitcoin or have never seen this before. Then this is the basic course for everything you need to understand, and know, on a larger scale and picture. This is everything!
Nerve-wracking A.F.
Middle fingers up to the FED! 🖕🖕🖕 And thumbs up 👍👍👍to more btc and vechain!
CryptoSwap Finance – High potential crypto exchange with DeFi features
CryptoSwap Finance – New, very promising DeFi project
Crypto boyz 🚀🚀🚀
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Tools of Sovereignty: Matt Hill of Start9 Labs on Sovereign Personal Computing
#ETH –Wow #Ethereum is over 2k! – Up over 6%! Make money with our stock alerts at https://tradestockalerts.com/penny-stock-alerts –#pennystocks #stockalerts
This is nice to see! (Jersey City NJ. USA)
Winter Soldier [SPOILER]- ₿1k bounty is worth $60,000,000 at today's price.
Ethereum Sets a New All-Time High Above the $2K Handle, Bitcoin Cash Markets Jump 8%
WikiLeaks founder portrait sold at auction for 1 bitcoin
Benefits of Paying With Bitcoin In International Trade
What is the easiest mobile wallet to use when purchasing and spending BTC? I mean EASIEST. I am going to try and scared I will mess up. Also can I use a prepaid Visa card or have to use my own? Every site/wallet claims to be the best. I will only be doing this with the phone.
1 Troy Oz COPPER?! MJB Monetary Metals?! Let me know if I should make new art?
6 green months in a row. If you bought bitcoin on the first day of any month in the last 6 months, you’re in profit.💰
WikiLeaks founder portrait sold at auction for 1 bitcoin
Electric sheeps says 1yr free minning
Pi Network!! The No.1 Mobile Coin Mining!!
Bitcoin
get some huge profits from crypto !
FREE BITCOIN
bit.ly/3spFKtE
Friends, let me share with you a cool browser with built-in mining features, I've been using it few weeks now and results are great! You get paid in Bitcoins and payments come directly to your Bitcoin wallet. Download it here -
OPENDIME: Physical instantiation of Bitcoin
Alt coins vs Bitcoin
Ukrainian MP Cashed in Her Crypto – and Made More than Twice Her Salary
Get free bitcoin ,there a chance to win 200$ in one roll don't miss it Click the link below and try it http://bit.ly/3spFKtE
WOOOOOW, money money money
Lightning Question
risks in crypto lending platforms
The Digital Ark
How Bitcoin helps an entrepreneur expand their venture: what do you gain in choosing the digital currency?
Why not make the proof of work useful?
https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/82740654160899823304018469638938340458066880381547538052249439233350217760769
How do Blockchains prevent double-spending of Bitcoins?
The Digital Ark
Buying Bitcoin Underage
New Guy with New Guy question...
How to Set Up Exodus (For the inquiring minds that want to know)
Full Node Noob
Looking to invest into Bitcoin
In which year, will a person without Bitcoin, be like a person without a cell phone in 2021?
Question about cold storage, regarding ledger nano x
If you only have a tiny amount of Bitcoin, dont disclose it !!!
Can't afford one Bitcoin, but I can 3D print one
Which celebrity millionaire lifestyle will YOU be living in 2025 when Bitcoin is worth $1,000,000USD ? (be bold, give yourself something to look forward to!!)
Can't afford one Bitcoin, but I can 3D print one
An easy way to earn Bitcon
We have reached the top.
Bitcoin is In the falcon and the winter solider
Bitcoin or Bonds
Amount of electricity used for Bitcoin (BTC) mining outstrips Sweden
How many exchanges accept Liquid? I'm trying to gauge the market's interest.
Bitcoin Halving Epoch Scale Primed to Send Price 20x Higher in Long Term | CoinTechn
We NEED the Saylor vs Guistra Debate - Would be good for all!
Advice for a total newbie?
Deeper Network scoops top prize at recent Polkadot hackathon.
What is DCA?
Which is the BEST to buy/sell Gemini, Blockfolio, Voyager, or SoFi?
This is a newly born token $WON swimming pool which has been locked for 2 years!
Shark Tank’s Mark Cuban Says Ethereum ‘Is Closest Crypto We Have to a True Currency’
Coinbase Receives Approval For Public Listing
BTC transfer with zero confirmations after a few hours. Best way to resolve?
QA &amp; Testing Engineer - Volmex Labs (volmex.finance)
Bitcoin tax implications????
Question regarding purchase and transfer fees (Coinbase Pro and BlockFi)
I used to have 3.14 bitcoin
Epic
Stop disclosing the amount of BTC you own!
Everyone Please remember!
what is bitvace?
That one mf'er who bit a coin in 2009, not realizing he would make a bunch of losers rich 12 years later.
I started a Liquid Bitcoin (L-BTC) merch store
Pi Network is a booming Crypto Currency and you can be a part of a big project. Use code: ztrkmnn
Paris Hilton with Laser Eyes. Good or bad?
Bitcoin sentiment picks up again
Coinbase Receives Approval For Public Listing
LYRICAL TEFLONS
Bitcoin Flippening Gold? Even Bloomberg is Coming Around - April 1st 2021
Buying Bitcoin at the gas station? Is this legit?
Would Satoshi Nakamoto prefer Bitcoin over Bitcoin Cash?
Ramit Sethi is ignorant - there is nothing wrong with holding BTC in your investment portfolio
Top 10 market cap crypto volume in $ - YTD TO 4/2/2021
IRS Summons Of Circle And Poloniex User Data Authorized
How long will it take for static method with minimum fee to get confirmed?
News
COINBASE earn!!! Earn now $31 with just signin up and verify your account! Juse this code :) and do you transfer more then $85 in crypto you earn even more :)
Nic Carter Tackles Common Bitcoin Criticisms With 12 Sided Dice | Lex Fridman Clips Apr. 2
Why Taking the Unpopular Path Makes Bitcoin Successful
"Bitcoin Payments Are Great, But Stablecoins Are The Future Of Crypto"
Cryptocurrency Reddit Scam
First Ever Public Oracle System on TRON Network
Análise de Preço: Bitcoin
How would you buy millions of dollars of Bitcoin if you had to?
How long will confirmations take for a transaction with only 12 Sat/Vbyte miners fee?
Move!
Just 1 of my many bitcoin purchases from last year
60k must be a massive psych barrier to many
My first NFT for fun: Bitcoin Art
The Bounty in the newest episode of Marvels FALCON &amp; THE WINTER SOLDIER is in BTC
Please may we review the r/Bitcoin Bio
The velocity of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
Upside Suggesting a strong upside for upcoming weeks. What is your take on this?
“I Was Wrong About Bitcoin,” - Peter Schiff
Hold or take the gain?
Just used LN for the first time!
Bitcoin is now in the Main-Mainstream
The FATF Is Loading The Gun
HUGE PROFITS
Hey guys! The best show on Earth🎪 just uploaded a new episode! Don't miss my take on the emminent breakout of #Bitcoin price action! 🎬🎥😎📈
Miner with Telegram
Resistance, waiting for another breakout for a new ATH!!
Are heat sink/fan cases required for running a full node on an RPi4?
Bitcoin Loan vs Margin Trading
MCU using Bitcoin for bounty
HODL
Green wallet or exodus wallet?
Daily Bitcoin News April 2nd, 2021
Hey, everybody! Check out the brand new CryptoTab browser
When I bought Bitcoin I committed 5% of my portfolio.
There are 18.5 Bitcoins already mined. How would countries and corporations deal with this, and I mean, can they afford private people being richer than countries?
Bitcoin Will Replace The Central Bank - Max Keiser
Bitcoin will appreciate in 2021
Getting paid in Bitcoin
To all Full BTC(s) Hodlers
The FATF Is Loading The Gun
The concept of accepting payments in cryptocurrency directly without intermediaries to your wallets
Bitcoin in the marvel universe
Garlinghouse: 1 Bitcoin Transaction Requires 75 Gallons of Gasoline
Bitcoin Fee Question
Morgan Stanley Adds Bitcoin to 12 Mutual Funds’ Investment Strategies
#Ethereum to the moon
Stacking sats at the food court
Ex-SEC Chair On Bitcoin Regulation, New BTC ETF, N Korean Crypto Hackers + More News
How monero works and how it's different from BITCOIN?
Stay away from voyager exchange
I’m new to Crypto
How Bitcoin changes Remittances in El Salvador | Mike Person
Questioning
Should I use my gaming rig to mine?
$59,xxx for over 12hrs now, wtf is happening
Bitcoin in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (Falcon Winter Soldier)
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/mhbvwi/i_am_ali_susani_cheze_known_as_asusani_or_as_born/?utm_medium=android_app&amp;utm_source=share
Nigeria’s Central Bank Declares War on Bitcoin in a Losing Battle With the People
The Price of Bitcoin Currency is Expected to Reach $100,000
Your Best offer Get free $200 amazon gift card and Get A Free IPhone XS
Bitcoin arbitrage bots: which one is the best?
Max Kesier says the US MUST start mining &amp; hoarding Bitcoin -- here's why (short audio clip)
What is the best crypto wallet out there? Need some advice.
How even a small bet of $1000 on cryptocurrencies can potentially turn into as much as $271,445 (proof shown in the presentation).
What do I do with my 1 Bitcoin?
Goldman’s BTC Hypocrisy
Paris Hilton, Announces Investment In Bitcoin
Coinbase Wallet application limit.
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, April 02, 2021
I made a video about Bitcoin
DEBUNKING Ray Dalio's "Bitcoin Ban" Prediction | Swan Signal Apr. 2nd
Looking For Some Who's Willing To Co-Sign A $70K loan with me to purchase mining tools
FREE BTC BNB +MORE EVERY 20 MINS.
Bitcoin exist in Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) ! spoilers on Falcon and Winter Soldier
Why don’t we have Moons for /r/BTC? Hell we can use Satoshis.
Free btc und bnb
The MIT Bitcoin Expo: A Free Educational Event for Anyone Who Wants to Gain Some Crypto Tech Chops
Майнинг без вложений.
Устанавливай CryptoTab Браузер и начинай получать деньги просто за то, что пользуешься браузером.
One day we break through 60k
What’s the deal with the Ledger Nano S?
The help you need
Kevin O'Leary goes 180 degrees on Bitcoin
New ATH huh? 🤨 Reminder: make BTC your unit of account, not USD!
April 2021: The Best Free Tech Events, Webinars, and Conferences - Regtech
Goldman’s BTC Hypocrisy
Kraken scam?
Help! Blockchain!
Bitcoin Harley Davidson
Why is the crypto called 'Bitcoin', can anyone explain?
these people are so pathetic
It is Risen indeed!
Earn Bitcoin in a Call of Duty: Warzone tournament this weekend!⚡
Coinbase IPO Set for April 14 via Direct Listing on Nasdaq
Question
What was Bitcoins actual ATH?
Marvel acknowledges Bitcoin
First time ever to hold solid 1 bitcoin
[OC] Top Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013 to 2021
BTC noob here looking to get in on the ride.
Scam a email?
Robinhood Crypto and Taxes
I am starting a small business and am going to be accepting Bitcoin now! And who says you can’t buy anything with Bitcoin...
Bitcoin Collateralized Loans
GET THIS WORLD CLASS FOREX SYSTEM WITH AMAZING 40+ RECOVERY FACTOR AND TAKE YOUR TRADING TO THE NEXT LEVEL 📷
Why Bitcoin is better than Ethereum: technical &amp; economic differences; Ethereum 2.0 misconceptions &amp; marketing hype; max supply &amp; circulating supply; &amp; digital gold vs digital oil [Bitcoin Basics Podcast]
0.1 Club
WTF is happening here?
Free marketing for Bitcoin by Marvel in The Falcon and The Winter Soldier S01E03
Bitcoin’s Path to $10 Trillion with Cameron &amp; Tyler Winklevoss — What Bitcoin Did
Soku Swap
Trading Community
Trading Community
END DAY
Buying Bitcoin and other Crypto in Canada
Coinbase
Multisig and passing keys down to next of kin
Visiting Mexico (or traveling in general), have wallets and exchanges and BTC info on my cell phone. Should I remove them?
Bitcoin's Uniquely Favorable Launch Conditions And Resistance To Succession By Altcoins
Tax nightmare
Green finance
Hardware Wallets
Bitcoin going to $1mm - prove me wrong
Is it really worth it?
Got my feet on the ground, looking to start running
How to recover a damaged Wallet.DAT
You will never get paid just for browsing the web — says who? Actually, you can! With CryptoTab Browser you surf the internet and mine bitcoin simultaneously. No investment, no hard work — just pure income. Really, you should give it a try!
Martin Moto
PSA: Easter Weekend CHAIN FEES are SUPER LOW. Move coin or open Lightning Network Channels !
Got sent USDT to my BTC (Coinbase wallet), can anyone help???
BTC vs ETH
As an ETH holder, thanks to the BTC community!
Will Bitcoin Dethrone The Dollar As Global Reserve Currency?
Crypto (Bitcoin) will replace the US Dollar as the World’s Reserve Currency [When will it happen?]
Digital Asset Exchange - SOS
I miss the days when Bitcoin had a much larger possible upside
The case for $1,000,000 BTC
Anyone know why this happened just now?
Desiigner - I Get That (Official Music Video)
I am Sotashi. AMA
Bitcoin is time — we will build monuments again
Come on 50k for EASTER
Just got my BTC card!
Got some bitcoin at 56694
Cat Stevens - Peace Train (Peace Train lyrics on screen)
แฟชั่น วอลเล็ท
Miners Accumulate Another 8,874 Bitcoin: Glassnode
I love being absolutely numb to Bitcoins price, if it hits 100k great! If it drops 60% great, buy more
Non-Fungible Token Sales Begin to Dive, NFT Interest Declines, Finance Author Highlights NFT Oversupply
Risks to the Bitcoin Network
Selling my nudes for Bitcoin
The translation from gold to Bitcoin is tough in music
Xpub Ypub Zpub?
Bitcoin Public Key, Receiving Address, UTXO: What's the Difference?
Kuailian Responds to False Accusations and Confirms its Importance
I found this today and it has - for lack of a better term - aged like shit
watch out for scammers
Bitcoin mining Investment platform
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Bitpay Funds
When to buy?
Blockchain...
Your present results are a product of the person you were yesterday. Tomorrow’s results will be a product of who you are now. So if you want different results, you have to change. Don’t be a product of your environment, your environment is YOUR product. What do you really want? How do you want to
The government claims it has 39.67004483 Bitcoin but sim-swap victims are not convinced. You can help the victims know if the government has these funds.
Green finance
India will ban Bitcoin
Pi Network.Totolhino1
Would Patrice Oneal be bullish on bitcoin
How Chainlink will help secure Polkadot’s environment
Never depend on a single income. Learn how to make $10,000 weekly on Bitcoins investment, Ask me how
Eastern Caribbean Central Bank issued the world's first Digital Currency in a Monetary Union
Bitcoins and general Crypto knowledge
Limited space! Don’t forget to add app after sign up!
High performance search capabilities in a Bitcoin node implementation
New sleeping DeFi giant? CryptoSwap Finance coming in May
The Future of Bitcoin Is Six Figures
Come On Bitcoin! Your not liking the 60's? Beatles / flower power era, were fine if you want to blow by 60's and head straight to the 70's, it was a good year for cars and music, then again the 80's would not be bad either..
How much btc to you own? And how old are you
Low volume seems like end of bull run
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Bitcoin and Behavior: Transformations from the Rabbit-Hole w/ @BangBitcoin
Top 3 2021 best crypto yield in kind platform
Just a thought but what if Satoshi woke up one day/his wallets got hacked and sold his 1 million btc
BITCOIN in Marvel's Falcon and Winter Soldier episode 3
Regarding NFT
Btc
How can I cash bitcoin smartly
Btcinvestmetnt
ALL LOAD UP &amp; SIGNUPS TODAY TO APRIL 5 WILL GET TICKETS TO A BONUS INVITATIONAL LOCKDOWN TABLE STARTING TONIGHT SPLASH POTS🎟 GIVEN TO A BONUS INVITATIONAL HOT SEAT🎟 WHEN TABLE FULL PLAYERS FIRST HAND WINNER WILL AWARD A SEAT TO BONUS PRIVATE FREEROLL NLH BONUSES &amp; PLO BONUSES CLUB CODE 28704
government monetary control
Bitcoin is being used as bounty price in The Falcon and The Winter Soldier series in the MCU.
Connecting Asic to phone internet
Will Bitcoin Reach 100K? What do you guys think?
As Bitcoin increases in popularity and gains global adoption, will we see a naming convention for small amounts of Bitcoin like meters centimeters millimeters etc....?
Bitbuy Bitcoin now what?
How far can bitcoin go in 2021 if it repeats the 2017 high pattern? (Pinned Tweet)
First investment
Best app for androoid for buying
Frank Giustra Challenges Michael Saylor to Bitcoin Vs Gold Debate
Gangsta theme song for buying dem dips
How far can bitcoin go in 2021 if it repeats the 2017 high pattern??
Interesting project in 2021 - A review
Generally, How Does Bitcoin Work? Lex Asks Nic (Clip From Apr 1st)
How far can bitcoin go in 2021 if it repeats the 2017 high pattern? (Featured)
Who's the Turd?
Bitcoin Bounty Referenced on an Episode of Marvel’s ‘The Falcon and the Winter Soldier’
School of Block | Bitcoin Without Internet? [VIDEO]
All I do is CoinHunt I have no life now
Will my pin on my ledger stay the same if I break or lose it and restore a new one ?
Check this out! my NFT project
Soviet Anthem Libertarianism = THIS
For analyst, Bitcoin rally is at an end
trading and the associated exit strategy.
Happy Easter!
For analyst bitcoin rally is at an end
My Bitcoin Core Full Node – alive &amp; kicking
Guys, the latest episode of the #FYouMoney Show is live! Daily briefing of #Bitcoin price action and the analysis and thoughts about the Pi Cycle indicator! You can watch it now🎬🎥😎📈
Börse Binance: Deutsche Anleitung BTCBanking.de
Portfolio opinions
Government and Bitcoin
Help with e transfer Bitbuy
COINBASE IPO.
HODLERS in emerging markets with restricted currencies how easy is to buy BTC and what are the most popular exchanges?
My Blood Brothers from the Class of 2017, we have come this far, and after 4 years, we can certainly HODL out for 6 more months.
Coinfarcast, Scientific Price Analysis &amp; Prediction
Is this crazy?
Has anyone heard of Grady Blocker?
$3000 cash Spring contest! Free BTC mining browser, checked &amp; working :)
Sticker I found on a car today
Help needed
What we do here is bitcoin mining and binary option trade, we manage account and trade for clients with our remote controlled software which enable you earn 100% on the return of your investment (ROI) capital which gives you ten times your capital as profit within 24 hours
When Bitcoin hits $200,000 USD, I am going to have a new life
Masseuse eats babes wet pussy Sex Mp4 video - Kporner.com
BTT Price Prediction - NEW ALL TIME HIGH. HUGE GAINS AT BITTORRENT. $0.0...
If a Non-Custodial Individual is a Virtual asset Service Provider Than..
What is the Blockchain?
Coinbase will be publicly traded on April 14
HODLing is not linear, it’s a spectrum.
What if one of the multisig wallet holder dies?
What else could excite Paris Hilton more than Bitcoin?
how i bought my tesla for $376.64
What you need to do: install CryptoTab Browser and just use it on a daily basis.You start earning Bitcoins from the first second and receive all the payments to your balance. It is reliable and safe.
Couldn't the final Bitcoin be mined WAY sooner than 2140?
Bitcoin wallet for multiple family members?
Mining Earth: From the Amazon to the ocean’s depths | Environment News
Dish network is now accepting Bitcoin as payment
Bitcoin is a black hole of monetary energy storage, that over time will rip and absorb all excess value that people have placed on inferior value stores, including gold, real estate, and equities. Other assets will only reflect utility value and "discounted future BTC flow" valuations.
Bitmain robbed me for 11K
Hip-Hop Star Snoop Dogg Says Bitcoin ‘Here to Stay’— Lauds NFTs for Creating Direct Connection Between Artists and Fans
What does the r/Bitcoin community think about the future of BTC regarding the energy consumption concerns? Here is a good decrypt article about the issue
Sexy Black Boyz Compilation - XVIDEOS.COM
Bitcoin mining and market value
PayPal Crypto, Goldman Sachs Vehicle, BTC Bugatti and 20 Crypto Jokes
2x .1 paper wallets I made from 2013 were swept Jan 2020, I just found out :(
Best platform for automatic DCA
The next bitcoin?
2017 coin base
It's never enough. AMA.
How long is this transaction gonna take?
Do you think the future of bitcoin will be really that complicated?
Finding crypto investment plan, bitcoin, DeFi and NFTs
To my surpice, my brother made me a bitcoin sweater for my birthday!
It's not too late to be early
How to Sync Up Exodus' Desktop App w/ Mobile to Manage Crypto from Both
For those that actually have a SDIRA and hold coin please some advice!
Coinbase will not allow me to purchase ANY crypto
Remember the toilet roll saga? That's Bitcoin in a few years.
General Motors Plans To Accept Bitcoins
Is most of the hash power for Bitcoin in China?
Does a hardware wallet protect me if my software wallet is compromised?
Must see TV
Rumors about Bitcoin
The Importance of Accurate On-Chain Data
Main issue we have all those posts explaining why BTC is good is...
Did Bitcoin Pizza Guy still have a lot of Bitcoin?
How does everyone plan on using their profits post market cycle?
Max Keiser: Bitcoin (BTC) saved Paris Hilton's life
Everyone: My stimmy now worth $5k! Bhad Bhabie:
My brother surpiced me with a Bitcoin sweater for my birthday!
How to set up crypto miner at home ? ( Newbie)
Frank Giustra challenges Michael Saylor to gold vs Bitcoin debate
A mortgage just for hodlers
WHO WANTS TO SELL HIS OR HER BITCOIN
Easter 50k Bitcoin Special
Wanting to run my own Full Node.
This is why we fight
Help
Nodl Dojo - any reviews/experience
never forget why we fight
Some friendly tips and suggestions for getting out of poverty so you can buy more bitcoin
ANNOUNCING: The Blockchain Government
Bitcoloan
India’s Impending War on Crypto
What gives ? Costs me like $29.22 just to send $76 in btc. Never was this high but with fees like this why would anyone use btc at all? This increase is insane.
Employment Search Websites Show a Vast Amount of Jobs in the Bitcoin and Blockchain Industry
Why is Portugal good for crypto investors?
Bitcoin vs Big Tech
Fork mergers?
Coinbase IPO- for Canadians?
HELP PLEASE! LOST COINS!
Exchanging BTC from TrustWallet
Using Bitcoin like a bond to pay for my mom’s long term care. Good idea? Bad idea? You got a better idea?
Cryptocurrency Grabber clean version, grab btc, ether and xmr wallet
The party is over, folks, time to wrap it up. Sell your #Bitcoins. #btc #bitcoin #crypto #cryptocurrency #cryptotrading #pairsfuckinghilton #bubble or #rocket to #100k
Is ETH a ponzi?
Learning what ₿itcoin is chips away at F.U.Ð
Do yourself a favor and read the IRS FAQ’s on crypto tax
Could Bitcoin Solve The Oil Flaring Problem?
mine btc for free here the reff
Help with stuck transaction.
Sell all stocks to invest fully into bitcoin?
A little info please?
For dinner, every time - but i will come back!
this is why we must bitcoin
Use this to mine free bitcoin plzplzplzplzplz I am begging you
HELP!!! COINBASE WANTS TO CLOSE ACCOUNT. ALL MY FUNDS ARE STILL IN THERE!!!!!!!!!!!! HELP!!!!!!!!(04919267#)
The Possible Way For Mortgaging With Bitcoin
Why are we stagnant at 59k?
Use it to mine bitcoin plz try it I am begging you plz try it and help me too. t.me/BTC_Miner_af_b…
Have you all noticed tether is pumping like crazy, but bitcoin is not moving?
cash app to coinbase wallet’s outrageous miner fees.
Would you donate something for which you don't get anything ?
To those who see Bitcoin go high when they sell, would take one for the team and sell a little bit?
When was the last time we had 5 "flat days" in a row?
Birthday Piñata from my wife
Intelligent Cryptocurrency Free Masterclass
I created a Bitcoin Club at my College. How do I convince them to buy Bitcoin?
.01 club!! Who’s wit me!!
I sold my motorcycle today using crypto
EARN 0.003 100% FREE MINING.....NO WITHDRAWAL FEE,fastest free mining
I wanted to be the first to put up the 60K meme.
₿ “Bitcoin dilemma” ₿
2021 cryptocurrency
How does the stock market keep going up?
Are crypto interest sites hiding anything?
Bitcoin Investments ?
Sheesha Finance Liquidity Generation Power &amp; NFT
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, April 03, 2021
I buy 0.01 - First time - Support me
This is the newest project of him?
Can I invest if I am under 18?
The 5 Most Winning Investors This Week
Any accurate Bitcoin historical data websites?
Order Flower Delivery and pay with Bitcoins
Daily Bitcoin News April 2nd, 2021
I set up my BTC in the Ledger Live wallet, with my Nano X and I wrote down the 24 word seed phrase. If someone stole my seed phrase, wouldn't they have access to my wallet anyways?
It's going up forever Laura
Any Bitcoin YouTube/Podcasts recommendations?
Help what do i do with my wallet?
Proof-of-Disagreement: Bitcoin's Work vs. Ethereum's Planned Staking
For analyst, Bitcoin rally is at an end
hbar is totally scam.
#safemoon
Old bitcoin wallet
Gonna happen sooner then we think
NFT’s are all the rage nowadays, but it seems like there are other use cases for Bitcoin in particular to benefit public goods like art. Anyone else have any examples?
Bitcoin Supremacy
Your Largely Lucrative Investment Opportunity in Trading The Currency Exchange
SEC Filing Shows Blackrock Held Bitcoin Futures Contracts Worth $6.15 Million
#bitcoin #crypto #news #blackrock #money #coin #profit
Increasing Transactions Per Second
Hello World!!! I built a Course on Udemy where I teach 6 live cutting-edge Sentiment Analysis Trading Algorithms used on Wall Street. All you need to know is Python!! (FREE UNTIL 4/5/2021)
Earning Interest on BTC
Some stuff that is good to know.
Do something
Noob questions
LET'S FACE IT, BITCOIN IS FLOWED. TO CONSIDER BITCOIN AS A CRYPTOCURRENCY FINITE IN TIME
New but obsessed, so I did a thing to spread the word
BlockFi Review and Portfolio - 2021 update
What would happen to bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies in a Carrington event?
Fun with a scammer
YO I NEED HELP, Btc in PayPal. Best place to move it to?
r/Bitcoin Rant
Here's why April may be the best month yet for Bitcoin price
What happens if India bans bitcoin?
How much is enough
Do you think this can actually happen??
Is Bitcoin really a useful currency?
DSLA Protocol Launches v1.0 Mainnet
Chinese Bitcoin mining farm
Satoshi's use of the phrase .."bad guys"
Bitcoin's Contango - what it is &amp; why it could lead to hyperbitcoinization
This was the cryptocurrency climate before the last big crash
SatoshiBones - Bitzillions Exit Scam?
Is profitable to use boost on cryptotab?
Tesla to make its own cryptocurrency
I wrote a brilliant whitepaper for my open source app. But I'm not sure how to make it in reality. lol
Hope my carpenter kept his OpenDime tip I gave him a few years ago.
Good time to buy?
Where to buy
$100 a day til we launch off of 60k
CoinShares Partners With Canada’s 3iQ to Launch New Bitcoin ETF on TSX
New yield farming monster CornSwap 🌽
#PREDEEPOJ #APPLE
Orbs Introduces Single-Sided Liquidity Farming to Optimize Defi Returns
Do you like my birthday cake? 😁
Best Browser for minning bitcoin easily
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
want to trade 0.5 btc with bitlatery.com
I built a clock that shows cryptocurrency prices, weather and forecasts
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Free btc quick survey
Amazing browser for mining bitcoin easily
Mining Bitcoin with computers more than four times more expensive than mining for gold
Bitcoin is love?
Congratulations to those that got paid yesterday We are still giving out a payment of $1000 to get $5000 in 7 days trading the first 30 people to comment CASH just like we did yesterday. The offer starts now WhatsApp +16789220766
I own 2 bitcoins
Civil war within Bitcoin
Why You Shouldn't Disclose Your Bitcoin "Wealth-to-be"
Theoretical question: who profits more? Buy the dip, sell the peak, and repeat VS Buy the dip, hold, and repeat.
Is Bitcoin Building Up Support Near $60,000?
What're the best alternatives to LocalBitcoins?
Bitcoin more likely to be successful than Ethereum in the long run. Nothing can be like Bitcoin ever :D
PayPal Allows Customers To Pay With Bitcoin To Merchants! How about this for BTC adoption.
House fire destroyed computer, hard wallet, and password.
END DAY
Invest today 10k in bitcoin : fool move ?
When did you first learn about Bitcoin and when did you finally decide to buy?
Data source from block times by block height
Running a rogue bitcoin node
Today I did a garage sale to get rid of my useless stuffs and make them Bitcoins.
What determines whether or not a given SHA-256 hash digest &gt; than another?
Put all LTC in BTC?
‘Educational Show of Force’ Fails as New EIP Quells Ethereum Miner Discontent
Bitcoin Withdrawal Strategy
Bull or bear market? Will Bitcoin break $100K in 2021?
Will bitcoin tank once interest rates start to rise?
Block size
#lasereyesuntil100k
Timmy Turner is in on ₿itcoin too!!!!
Just converted all my XLM to BTC!
Has Bitcoin Peaked?
This is the newest project of him?
Crypto backed loans to purchase income producing real estate
This is the newest project of him?
Thoughts on lost Bitcoin?
What technical development are you most looking forward to in the coming 1-2 weeks?
Join my Mining Pool on CryptoTap Browser and let's get this Bitcoin together! https://cryptotabbrowser.com/21648724
How to gift Bitcoin to kids
TOSH.O BITCOIN
Top 10 Coins of April 2021
Ron Paul Warns of Government Crackdown on Bitcoin — ‘The Government Is the Threat’
Couldn’t hold
FiltAR Maps
Token service provider
Hacksting scam refund
Token service provider
Multisig wallet Question
Any crypto fund managing platform/app out there?
I believe in bitcoin
For All people Living in the US:
Bitcoin seems to be losing volatility. I will just cash it out when I break even.
Can I short bitcoin?
Buy now and hold
Where are the best places for Learning vs Investing?
good business opportunity for those who want to have extra income
What are the best content for Learning vs. Investing?
Bitcoin
JUST HODL
Is there a way to rollover my 401k to bitcoin?
Can Crypto be transfered to my NY account from someone outside NY State?
Bitcoin Miami conference
Anyone else notice the influx of posts encouraging to sell your crypto?
Liquidating BTC Wallets..
10 million Bitcoin Endgame. One of the best video of Bitcoin to date. Please everyone who hasn't seen it, do yourself a favour and watch it.
Crypto Long &amp; Short: Bitcoin Outflows Aren’t the Bullish Signal You Think They Are
US Bitcoin, anyone else feel like bitcoin no longer is about anonymity and being decentralized?
I need a good wallet recommendation based on two parameters.
Cashed Out all my btc today to buy a new car
Let’s work together
Dear whales. Can you please wait for btc to break 100k before you move 980,000,000?
Several wallets have received .00000547 BTC
Financial Guru Dave Ramsey Advises What to Do With Bitcoin Investments
Just got my mom to buy almost half a BTC
Dave Ramsey got the Bit Bug
Does Bitcoin need to be online to work?
Bitcoin buy and sell together
Making educational content about the technology behind Bitcoin sexy
Soon!
HODL🚀🚀
Bitcoin Forecast for the week for CW 14 (April 5 - 9)
New crypto giant coming in next month. Exchange with lot of DeFi features. High reward potential
Whats to stop the miners from pulling the plug? (Serious question)
If your on the fence now. Your going to be off the fence when/if BTC dips. And probably lose.
Develop your network; earn faster more money! Share your personal link with your friends and subscribers to invite new users to the mining network. The more active miners there are in your network, the more money you earn!
Lets make this work
Bitcoins for sale (50% discount)
How Safeguard Coin Is paving the way for Crypto IRAs
Has the IRS spoken to Winklessvoss and all the crypto billionaires yet? If not, then what is there to worry about?
Calling any good souls of crypto
#RobinHood : #ShortBitcoinThisMonday
Supply crunch incoming? Bitcoin miners stop selling
Want to earn money every day, click here!
BTC trend
Can I transfer my wallet with the 12 word key?
My first easter as a homeless
JP Morgan
My first easter as a homeless.
Why do on chain transactions when you can use lightning?
Weak point of blockchain wallet
Cashed out today to buy a new Gaming PC
Bitcoin Transaction Pending
UK tax question
Bitcoin, useless?
Bitcoin SCAM WARNING! frostBTC
BTC might crack
Difference between coinbase (portfolio) and coinbase wallet
Why Muslims Love Bitcoin
Is anyone else having problems with voyager?
Pension funds and insurance firms alive to Bitcoin investment proposal
Paris Hilton ‘Very, Very Excited’ About Bitcoin — Confirms She Is a Long-Term Crypto Investor
Torum: DeFi + NFT + Social Media – the Next Brilliant Utility Innovation in the Blockchain World?
Cashalfa? Anyone?
Social Domination
Not advice, but what do you do?
Installa il browser CryptoTab e inizia a guadagnare soldi extra semplicemente per usarlo. Finché guardi YouTube, leggi le notizie e utilizzi i social network come fai ogni giorno, ottieni Bitcoin veri.
Best Michael Saylor (and others) interview/podcast for someone starting into btc?
Rumor: McDonalds buying bitcoin
Anyone using Bitvavo?
Send an amount of BTC and you will get back twice as much! Only today! Only the first 100 users!
Btc returns daily
Send an amount of BTC and I will Abend back twice as much!
Why have the average # of reachable full nodes not gone up over time?
Help recovering Bitcoin from an old Ninki wallet.
A cryptocurrency focused survey for an extended project qualification (academic qualification)
Bitcoin, like gold but better in basically every way
KlV wallet
Kryll.io Trading Bot
#bitcoin #bitcoinmining #freebitcoin #freebitcoins #freebitcoinmining #freecrypto #cryptocurrency #crypto I Found a Way to get Free Bitcoin, no joke, Its free and Bitcoin is $58,000 ,now Heading up, all u do is mine Bitcoin on your cell or Computer, (CLICK 1 BUTTON) and make free money made $700.00
For anyone out there that either owns a restaurant, or knows someone that owns a restaurant and wants to allow customers to use Bitcoin to pay for their online order - Menufy might be a good fit for you!
Long term investors always win right?
Bitcoin Forecast Analysis, good read!
Miner Selling Pressure Drops. Analyst Predicts Bitcoin Supply Crisis Underway
Is Antbleed a threat to Bitcoin?
Coinbase Minimum withdrawal amount
Foxx amazing
The amount of compromised Desktops is pretty nuts.
BridgeOracleSystem
Cash for BTC! Dm if interested, any amount ! ASAP
Happy Easter Bitcoin community!
Is there a way to retrieve a wrong network tx? 0.39 BTC sent to a OMNI USDT wallet.
Proof-of-Disagreement: Bitcoin's Work vs. Ethereum's Planned Staking
I'm starting to think 62k was the peak and we are now descending into the bear market.
Please check it out
Help with buying Bitcoin/Crypto at 16!
Lopsided wealth
Whats the cheapest mining “thing” i could buy ? That is actually usefull and will generate money ?
COIN Mine some coin for free.
Old wallet showed balance - then didn't... help?
It's your turn
Advantages running Full node on Rasberrypi vs Desktop?
Will Bitcoin go into a "bear market" in 2022? | Podcast Clip
Here are a few Bitcoin Vibes .... to my fellow Moon Travelers
Billionaire FOMO: Famed Norwegian Billionaire Investor Capitulates After Seeing Another Embrace Bitcoin
Fiat (Visa Card etc.) to Bitcoin Payment Gateway for webshop?
17 years old - How to research crypto
I have an old bitcoin wallet that starts with a 7, not your normal 1 or 3. wondering if anyone knows of such a thing.
Anthony Pompliano vs Mike Green
I Found a Way to get Free Bitcoin, no joke, Its free and Bitcoin is $58,000 ,now Heading up, all u do is mine Bitcoin on your cell or Computer, (CLICK 1 BUTTON) and make free money !! I made $700 so far in a week, Heres the Link, minebitcoins.co
17 Years old - 5k into Bitcoin
Cold wallet noob question about my seed (lol)
Best podcasts for bitcoin and crypto?
Airdrop !!🤑🤑
Matt Gaetz's Sex Trafficking Wingman Might Have Funded Trafficking With Bitcoin
Bought my first satoshi in 2017.
EASTER GIVEAWAY
The Dark Side Of Coinbase Listing
Do I need luck?
Wait for the drop! #btc
get in that competition
Day Trading Bitcoin Guide
I want some new friends
An overall note about Bitcoin
Dr. Michael Burry, The Big Short, and the Future of Cryptocurrencies
Scammers be scammin’
If you want to start mining bitcoin click this link?!!!?!?!?!
My reaction to every Bitcoin dip
I want to sell my house in the near future for 1.5-2 Bitcoins.... How/ Where do I advertise?
Just bought trezor... Scared sheet less to use it.... Dnt want to lose btc. Is coinbade insured on all btc?
Address question
Get $200 Amazon gift card
PLAY GAMES AND EARN BITCOIN
Michael Saylor Keynote on Bitcoin &amp; The US Dollar: MIT Bitcoin Expo Conference - April 4th 2021
This is the newest project of him?
JP Morgan Revises Bitcoin Target To $130,000, Citing Decreased Volatility
Question: when is a transaction validated if lock time is in the future?
The Book one (Get Lifted EP)
This is the newest project of him?
Spring Promo
ELI5: How BTC gonna hit 100k if nobody wanna pay 60k?
Mickey’s Cheet Sheet™️
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Tokyo Cops' before its swooped up!
Earn $25US for signing uo
All of the Energy Usage Arguments Suck
How can one invest in the upcoming Coinbase IPO in Europe? Will it be accessible on Flatex/Degiro?
Hi guys. I am brand new here. First time using Reddit🙆‍♀️
I made a webpage tracking BTC prices, and detecting trend changes.
Mastering Bitcoin: Programming the Open Blockchain 2nd Edition PDF
Opinion: MSTR better than Bitcoin
Swap
2021 forecast
Should I yolo into bitcoin?
Just need some help with exchanges/wallets
Stolen Crypto
Get 200$ free amazon gift card
Bitcoin miners start hoarding BTC instead of emptying it for the first time
Something strange happened today. More info in comments.
How to price shovels in a gold rush
Bitcoin Network Status Update Sunday, April 04, 2021
US Court Authorizes IRS to Summon Cryptocurrency User Records From Circle and Poloniex
Something strange happened today. More info in comments.
Binance Earn risks
Sports gambling on websites... is it safe to receive my earnings in bitcoin to my coinbase pro wallet?
verifying_bitcoin_core
Technical question
'Stratum verification failed'
Corporate Accounts for Bitcoin Trading/Purchases
Sent tether to btc address
The day of the last block
How Aave’s integration with Polygon will maximize users’ profits
The Potential of the Lightning Network blows my mind! I spent hours last night playing Counterstrike for Bitcoin and it was an incredible experience! This is the future of e-sports.
Should I Use Ledger?
Market Masters - Totally worth it!
Btc loan repayment
Did you guys know you can play CS:GO for Bitcoin over the Lightning Network?! It's incredible! By far the best way to get some free sats!
Bitcoin, American, Europe,Asia No Viet Nam (in Comment and describe)
Have I made the right choice?
C O N V I C T I O N
C O N V I C T I O N
Get BTC and surf the net!
Things to come
What is the upper limit for how many full nodes the bitcoin network can support?
Why 'Blockchain', and not 'Blockchains'?
Scaling My Crypto Portfolio Up By 10X!?
Bitcoin ProfitApp - Con?
Bad Crypto Transfer - Need Advice
Welcome to Invisible World
Using inspect element to fake a balance, making multiple videos yet still forgetting to alter the actual balance for each crypto. Bitcoin has a big fat 0 as it's first digit. Don't be this guy.
We are still early - if bitcoin will take only 5% of those markets it will put the bitcoin market cap at ≈27.275 Trillion dollar. 1 BTC will be ≈ 1,620,000 $
Bitcoin + Binance: Si es cierto que también hay que desconectar y coger fuerza para hacer buenos trading.
BITCOIN MINERS INTERNET FUNCTION TURNS FINE: IS A RALLY TO NEW HIGHS PAST DUE? | CoinTechn
Norwegian company with good prediction history for Bitcoin now predicts halfing of Bitcoin price the next 1-3 months. What do you think?
join us on cryptotab
Want crypto earning options besides faucets and cloud mining?
i need 1600 euro bitcoins
If anyone is looking for a new cheap investment I would suggest looking into wink coin 🙂
Bitcoin Faces Hedge Test Amid Rising Inflation Concerns
Mining Bitcoin (or altcoins) with a small photovoltaik setup at home
Buy BTC For Wallet (Underage)
The Bullish News of Bitcoin Week 14, 2021 ! How to never sell your Bitcoin!
Most Bitcoiners Want the Price to Drop So They Can Buy More -- this is unique, no other asset's holders want this (1-minute audio clip from Anthony Pompliano)
Sold my crypto today to pay for my italian citizenship
Is it safe to use a closed-source software wallet with a H/W wallet?
JPMorgan: Bitcoin Becoming More Appealing To Institutions - $130K Price Attainable ⋆ ZyCrypto
Annual promo by CryptoTab Get ready for Summer 2021
Snoop Dogg on Bitcoin: ‘I Believe in It… I Don’t See It as a Pandemic Fad’
The first-ever Bitcoin post on Reddit got downvoted
This was the first website ever created to buy Bitcoin on, LibertyStandard. For a single dollar, you could have bought 1,578 bitcoin, worth $92,759,558 today.
The red bar represents the month Egypt's government "banned" Bitcoin in the country:
30 years old... single... moving back in with my parents....
How many EUR is 1 BTC worth ?
Bitcoin Price Falls!!!(please view This video)
Money Money Money Money Money
Trying to buy Bitcoin with these limitations
Ripple Partner Mercury FX Accepted Into ‘First Cohort’ of a South African Regulatory Sandbox
we are stable now
Found this app which is pretty niche, I think it's a great platform for those who are interested in a more closed crypto society..
Is Bitcoin mining worth it?
Lol this sub is a cult🤣😂
Man Falls In Darkness - Abstract Digital Artwork
Bitcoin vs Banks
Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Principal Architect on CBDC's &amp; Bitcoin: MIT Bitcoin Conference - April 3 2021
Hi please can i have a convosation /mentor about bitcoin i have loads of questions and i have done research i just need help with some things :)
I have Bitcoin insider information. I recently made $10,000 on Bitcoin. Can I discuss the technology together?
CRYPTO.COM Banned me!
Changing Pension To BTC?
Asian Girl Tinder scam
What‘s up boomers
Federal Reserve Bank of Boston Principal Architect on CBDC's &amp; Bitcoin: MIT Conference -April 3 2021
This is the proof how I can grow my Bitcoin. I try lot of websides,uniswap.org,kelta.com,and others.Also I was scamed with mirrors and others.But to be honest this working out ! The minimum amount to deposit is just 1$,registration is so easily.Go sign up throw my link and I will get commission 10%
I'm getting a bitcoin donation.
Will i be rich?
Sweep paper wallet using ios
Invest for Future
This has got to be the biggest stack I've ever seen
Opinions about exodus wallet?
کسب درآمد اینترنتی بازی کن فیلم ببین پول دلار در بیار
what do u guys think the future of pumapay?
DeFi-ing the odds: Why DeFi could rebuild trust in financial services
How to protect your physical crypto wallet?
Bitcoin only
A bit on bitcoin! How to explain it to a non-technical person who doesn't understand it
How true hodlers react to every Bitcoin dip
How is Bitcoin valued in our society?
Bitcoin services recommendation?
Understanding of digital currency
I’m a new whale looking to buy Bitcoin
This is the newest project of him?
What Does Tesla's Bitcoin Purchase Mean For Industry?
Green finance
Let's talk about Meme Coins!
Bitcoin Chart Pattern
BTC dca
Proposed FATF Rules require DEXs to do KYC
Phemex to Auction Community Driven QaRT NFT
🚀
PSA When asking if some site is safe, it's important to give the full domain
Dogecoin History - Why it Will ROCKET! DOGE Price Targets &amp; Predictions
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Dunno who owns this address but they are wasting fees left and right. Just pure stupid 3000+ sats per byte. Calm down.
UK crypto tax help
Hard fork question
A quirky paradox
Looking for the best open source multi-crypto wallet for desktop (BTW, I use arch).
Could you give me some BTC?
Is the site BtcThinker safe?
END DAY
Report suggests Walmart could be stacking bitcoin
Sell your tesla, buy more bitcoin.
Bitcoin beginner
Exodus.com
When BTC goes high enough to change your life, what do you intend to buy with it?
In 2031, we will think even with Covid 2021 is a great time, just like how in 2021 we think 2011 was a great time...and if you had bought Bitcoin any time between 2011 and 2021......you would be fine
Me right now
BUY WOOF COIN PLEASE
In 2013, I lived on bitcoin for all expenses for ~3 months. Here is what some of those purchases cost in today’s prices.
Each dip, I drip
How high will the Bitcoin price rise？
When Bitcoin has been truly adopted, most users will have no clue about the 2017 bull run
BTC Futures Open Interest Hits $23B, Binance Captures Lion’s Share, Signals Say 43% Chance of $64K Bitcoin by Month’s End
The world’s largest bitcoin manager vows to convert digital trust into an ETF
A brief statement of my Bitcoin journey.
Bitcoin Gold to the moon?!
Worth it.
What are the most reliable exchanges during busy periods?
This is the newest project of him?
This is the newest project of him?
what is the best exchange to use in New York?
Rtx 3090 mining
Bitcoin price: 'at least' $100k before 'Crypto Winter' sets in - Michael Venuto
Once again, the Forum between Public Advocate for the City of New York is back on, this time 4/6/2021 at 7 pm New York Time.
The Future of Microstrategy
Sacramento Kings to Offer Bitcoin Salary Option to All Players
Biggest block in past 24hrs had little effect. No sellers here. ATH - - - &gt; $75K next fib stop
Biggest block in past 24hrs had little effect. No sellers here. ATH - - - &gt; $75K next fib stop
To the moon? Cryptocurrency market cap surges past $2 trillion
The best part of my day
Tax Authorization
Giving Free Ebook just review it on amazon
Is Peter Schiff really against Bitcoin?
Digital wallets....uh....how do you use it?
Finally took some profits today so I could order this absolute animal. A big thank you to everyone who’s given me some solid advice over these past few months!
Bitcoin and behavioral econ
Seeking Advice: How Best to Accept BTC for House
Europa, governo e blockchain
South Korean Newspaper to Give its Subscribers Kakao's Klay Token
my interpretation of satoshi nakamoto
satoshi nakamoto art
RECOVER YOUR BITCOIN
What great move began the movement? “Hey man....are you HODLing?!”
Europa, governo e blockchain
To all the scammers DM'ing me about trading my Bitcoin for me; sorry, I lost it in a boating accident, you'll have to find someone else to scam
What happens when you sell millions of bitcoin?
bleacherreport on Instagram: “Bitcoin” Giannis when asked what he does for a living 🤣 (via @itsdanielmac)
Do you all have any idea on Bitcoin trading where you can earn up to $50,000 weekly from home without sending money to me or anyone else?
Bitcoin Audible: Read_513 - Noahbjectivity on Bitcoin Mining [Nic Carter]
Bitcoin Reservations - Weekly Recap
Exchange with no hold
Giving Ebook on Bitcoin from Amazon kindle
Bitcoin miner firm Ebang launches Ebonex crypto exchange
?? WHATS MOVING THIS BTC PUSH UP TO 59550?? ANY NEWS AVAILABLE?? THANKS!!
I did a video on why I'm putting more than 50% of my net worth in Bitcoin over the next few months
I want to go down the rabbit hole?!?!!
Shark Tank’s Kevin O’Leary Will Only Buy ‘Clean’ Bitcoins — Says Institutions Will Not Buy ‘Blood Coins’ From China
¿ How i can buy bitcoins? i need help :´P
Scammer math is a bit off!
Get 200$ free amazon gift card
£200 even worth it?
How much would Bitcoin have to average each day in growth to reach the potential of 100,000$/coin by the end of 2021?
Why Bitcoiners Should Play Final Fantasy X
What we need the most now... more dumbass investors blindly throwing in money into crypto scams to create more FUD in Bitcoin after such schemes collapse =/
IRS is demanding to know BTC balance
A year ago, I found a bug in AT&amp;T and they paid me $50 on HackerOne. I decided to have the bounty paid out in Bitcoin directly to my Coinbase account. A year later, that $50 is now worth over $500.
Installez le navigateur CryptoTab et commencez à gagner de l'argent supplémentaire pour l'utiliser. Tant que vous regardez YouTube, lisez des nouvelles et utilisez les réseaux sociaux exactement comme vous le faites quotidiennement, vous obtenez de vrais Bitcoins.
Zcash = Bitcoin 2.0
Easy way to run your own node with a Hardware Wallet.
Coinbase bank account unliked
SCAM! or nah
Btc loans?
The daily Bitcoin move is now nearly 6 months of my salary. In comparison, staking my time and my youth, working continuously at a rat race job for peanuts pay is the worst PoW investment, ever
The daily Bitcoin move is now nearly 6 months of my salary. In comparison, staking my time and my youth, working continuously at a job for peanuts pay is the worst PoW investment, ever
Today, Bitcoin’s Satoshi Nakamoto Turns 46
The daily Bitcoin move is now nearly 6 months of my salary. Staking my time and my youth, working at a job is the worst PoW investment, ever
The daily Bitcoin move is now nearly 6 months of my salary. Staking my time and my youth, working at a job is the worst PoW investment, ever
Bitcoin is trading near $66,000 in South Korea as 'Kimchi Premium' returns
I've BTC for sale @Good rate....Hit me up right away.
Wow! Ripple CEO says each Bitcoin transaction costs 75 gallons of gas
Bitcoin Documentation Help!
Do institutions HODL better than retail?
Description of bitcoin (BTC) mining from Ripple (XRP) CEO
Cameron and Tyler Winklevoss are back — this time as budding Bitcoin billionaires at the center of the future of money, the creative economy and quite possibly a new operating model for Big Tech itself
Anyone know where I can buy btc with bank account/debit card?
Why has Bitcoin stayed at $58,000 so long?
Give me your best "bitcoin saved me/freed me" story.
Even if bitcoin went to one penny.......
Cryptocurrency
Had to customize the #Cashapp card to support the cause!
NEW NFT - The Smart Contract For the Blockchain Government
RECOVER YOUR LOST OR STOLEN BITCOIN
NEW NFT - Taking Bids Today through Friday - The Smart Contract For the Blockchain Government
Kevin O'Leary says he will buy 'clean coin,' not bitcoin from China
Does the anonymous nature of Bitcoin’s founder bother anyone?
Today, Bitcoin’s Satoshi Nakamoto Turns 46
Hope you guys will like it my art here (Lenticular technology)
Btc is about to drop
I'm a new YouTuber creator focusing on Bitcoin and other investments. What are your thoughts on my analysis? I appreciate your feedback and support. Ultimately I think the fundamentals right now are set up perfectly for widespread adoption.
Top 10 Companies Holding the Biggest Bags of Bitcoin
Buy 3k now or hold on, it's pretty much most I can do.
JP Morgan: Bitcoin’s Decreasing Volatility Makes It More Appealing to Institutions, Revises BTC Price Prediction to $130K
They Stole £ 80k From Bitcoin Investor Aged 80
Where can an under 18(16yo) buy Bitcoin from?
Has btc been this stable for this long?
What Will Happen After 60K?
Смотри мои итоги в Raid. Узнай о моих лучших достижениях. Устанавливай Raid по ссылке внизу – и мы вместе получим награды! https://link.plrm.zone/app/gg6ja
Can you actually trade pairs with fake volume?
I custom made these holographic stickers to put on things I buy with bitcoin.
Driving into trading-view BTC/USD chart to s2fx price target ! (with lambo 😎, OG song and video)
Stock Market 40% Correction in April predicted by Harry Dent, Gold to $1000. Thoughts...?
Bitcoin partner needed
Binary
Billionaire Winklevoss Twins Talk Bitcoin, NFTs, And The End Facebook
Check out my Raid Recap to see my Raid story so far - including all my biggest achievements. Start playing Raid using the link below and we can both get some free rewards! https://link.plrm.zone/app/fvqi1
Bitcoin is going to fly
Ripple CEO says that each Bitcoin transaction costs 75 gallons of gas
Who are the top ten biggest players of Bitcoin?
[Important Bitcoin History] Julian Assange Thanks The US Government For 50,000% Return On Bitcoin
Michael Saylor on Twitter
Litecoin Creator Charlie Lee Joins BTCS as New Independent Director
Garnish Your Own Wages
Opinions on Bitcoin Liquid Network
Why Uganda chose Stellar Lumens to power the currency of its new city
Binary Cloud Limited - Legit or scam?
Dreamr Announces Platform Governance Token (DMR), Taps Delchain as Strategic Blockchain Advisor.
Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #142
Tried to post on "BitcoinBegginers", but something won't let me
People need to stop Bitching about outrageous price predictions &amp; start trying to run the numbers themselves to see the logic behind such price predictions. Without doing that myself, I would've never started buying Bitcoin 10 years ago
Get a free call phone
I help people to get started with bitcoin
Amount of money spent on Bitcoin
This is the newest project of him?
Argentinean Central Bank Asks Local Banks for Information on Customers Who Deal With Cryptocurrencies
Bitcoin’s “Kimchi Premium” Hits 15 Percent
Calculating profit on Coinbase
Next time someone tries to sell you insurance, use the opportunity to sell them on bitcoin
Working in the cryptocurrency/bitcoin industry?
Check out my Raid Recap to see my Raid story so far - including all my biggest achievements. Start playing Raid using the link below and we can both get some free rewards! https://link.plrm.zone/app/bu7o2
Just got scammed out of .04 BTC. FML
Oh
Garnish Your Own Wages - Bitcoin
#Bitcoin price surge may be driving up interest in #China’s digital #yuan.
These dogs have the right idea
If Bitcoin continues to plummet at this rate, it'll be worth some real money soon
What's a better phrase: "I am Satoshi Nakamoto", or "I, too, am Satoshi Nakamoto".
Is there a time of day when BTC fees are lower?
Buy my 2020 jeep jlu 1.5 BTC obo
How Bitcoin And Julian Assange Are Forever Connected In History | Clip From WhatBitcoinDid Podcast
Binary Cloud Limited - Legit or scam?
I commissioned a local artist to produce ‘Sayl to the moon’, which I think has come out beautifully! What do you think?
https://faucetcrypto.com/ref/539010 if you want to earn fast bitcoin,,,try that friends??It is super easy and free guyss...Feel free to ask more questions
I had to sell all my coins 😣
Mined my first $50 in bitcoin
Wasabi Research Club #24 - CoinJoinDay with Giacomo Zucco
it ain’t that bad 👀✌️
As Bitcoin Mining Hits All-Time Highs, Access To ASICs Is Key
¿Bitcoin que es?
I accidentally deposited BTC to an USDT omni address that belongs to POLINEX exchange
Free Casino with faucet
Weakening dollar + Historicall good April for Bitcoin = gains? What do you think? Might need to invest more into Bitcoin ASAP!
Great Penny Stock Alert Today! Best Stocks to Buy Now is #CTRM – Check out our daily stock picks at https://tradestockalerts.com/penny-stock-alerts #pennystocks #beststocks #tradingstocks
When will this bull run end?
What popular exchange rhymes with bitchecks?
Bitcoin’s “Kimchi Premium” Hits 15 Percent
As Bitcoin Mining Revenue Hits All-Time Highs, Access To ASICs Is Key
I am buying now!
Bitcoin: The Block-Size Wars
I'm almost used to lose my bitcoins
If a Bitcoin premium in Korea is called "Kimchi Premium", what would the Bitcoin premium be called in your country?
Merchant Token (MTO) DEFI Project ICO - Phase 19 of 100 🚀🌕
Walmart Buying BTC?
Who’s got .......
Lost 0,16 bitcoin using Trezor Suite app (Beta)
Merchant Token (MTO) DEFI Project ICO - Phase 19 of 100 🚀🌕
How to get rich off Bitcoin. Ignore the F.U.Ð from banks and those whose companies Bitcoin threatens to absorb market share in, learn from smart people who know what Bitcoin is, drink the Buddha, then buy &amp; HODL every chance you can
SafeADA (liquidity locked in unicrypt)
Earn free bitcoin 1000 satoshi minimum withdraw without DEPOSIT OR INVESTMENT
Crypto / Trendsignals
Crypto Economy Nears $2 Trillion, XRP Gains 37%, BTC Dominance Drops to 56%
An Open Letter To New Bitcoiners
I made some bitcoin art to spruce up the living room
Stocks that have holdings in bitcoin???
making $100000 on forex | bitcoin
Is this website trustworthy?
Here we go boys gonna break 60k!!!!
MACD advising? #Bitcoin #Ethereum
Jason A. Williams asks Michael Saylor to buy bitcoin.com in companion
Midoin x Bitcoins
Earning Bitcoin Rewards with Fold | Hillary Miller
Cryptocurrencies: A Legal Regulatory System
Bitcoin.com It's Up For Auction! Opening price $ 100 million
GET $200 Amazon Gift Card
Prices for BTC are wildly different on multiple exchanges today, especially if you look into some Asian markets.
To the Moon Or Bust! 🚀
Come join my cryptotab pool
Are there any Crypto-Credit Cards that are actually worth the effort?
Implications of GBTC conversion to an ETF?
Mine this coin next bitcoin
Mine this coin next bitcoin
Mine this coin next bitcoin
Mine this coin next bitcoin
Bitcoin
Former Chainalysis CTO Selected To Lead FinCEN, Signaling New Bitcoin Regulations
World War 3, Mining Wars
The National Debt: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO)
$ELONGATE: First of its kind Charity Token that is beginning to make a difference!
New Generation of Credit Cards Offer Bitcoin in Place of Airline Miles
Is Venezuela the roadmap for crypto adoption in developing countries struggling w/hyperinflation?
Slow
Cryptocurrency market cap hits $2 trillion — Now worth as much as Apple
An Open Letter To New Bitcoiners
BTC is still struggle below 60K USD, what about SXP's merge by Binance?
I apparently chose a very low fee when doing a transaction. Did I screw myself?
Production
Bitcoin.com and TheInternetofMoney.com are for sale
Buying vs investing
Interoperable Payment Systems and the Role of Central Bank Digital Currency
What are the risks of keeping your bitcoin in Cashapp or any other vendor?
The bodies of three missing sisters were found off the coast of Syria in Lebanon
Crypto Brief - April 5th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
BridgeOracleSystem
The most recent episode of the #FYouMoney show is live! In this episode you can see my take on the current #Bitcoin's price action and its inverse correlation to the dollar! Don't miss it, subscribe the channel and watch now on a screen near you!🎬🎥😎📈
Playmate Turned Bitcoiner. Jessica Vaugn on Pomp Podcast.
Visa backs the first-ever credit card to offer bitcoin rewards!
Question on portfolio app?
The Multi-Billion Dollar Cache: Microstrategy Purchases $15M Worth of Bitcoin, Firm’s Stash Jumps to 91,579 BTC
Microsoft ION's Daniel Buchner Wants To Decentralize Our Identities With Bitcoin
New work out plan for all Hodlers
Fast, safe and convenient wallet application
if only we had listened :(
[OC] The Bitcoin Paradox
Love
Yellen &amp; Global Tax Plan, Russian Crypto Consultation, Indian NFT Marketplace + More News
Anyone Trade Bitcoin Options on LedgerX?
Bitcoin Hitting $100,000 Doesn’t Matter. Many People Have Missed the Point.
Bitcoin Is Going Mainstream. What Investors Need to Know.
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Decentralized Grazing - Regenerative Cattle Co-ops and the Foundations of Bitcoin Citadels
Article: Stacks and the Promise of a New Age of the Internet
$DMGGF $DMGI.CA 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀 this stock’s amazing, undervalued. The highest it hit was $5.35, Bitcoin is on another rally we could see $7 easy. Also look at the recent news on this company.
JPMorgan expects Bitcoin to hit $470K
MicroStrategy buys 253 additional bitcoins for $15.0 million
Ryan Long NSA Surveillance Bit (Incl. Bitcoin Mention At The End)
Sitting here watching all cryptos but bitcoin go up. What’s the story? Is Bitcoin asleep?
Tim Dillion (Probably To Be Executed Live) At The 2021 Miami Bitcoin Conference | [with Tony Hawk, Jack Dorsey, etc]
Grayscale 100% Committed to a Bitcoin ETF
2 Unconfirmed Transactions in Mempool Neverland
Former Chainalysis CTO Selected To Lead FinCEN, Signaling New Bitcoin Regulations
Bitcoin can be seen as equivalent to a beating heart.
Monthly EOS Forecast For 2021 , look To Buy EOS for the next month
In need of some ethrer
EOS price prediction next month
XRP Ripple Forecast And Analysis For 2021
Is there any way to use Paypal balance money for bitcoin? I have 500 in my balance and I'm trying to buy btc or btc cash.
JC dropping orange pills on the money changers 2,000 years ago.
Lightning PSA: Switch to a 64-bit OS ASAP! I learned the hard way.
Is the Coinbase Wallet app a decent place to keep my BTC?
https://cb.run/Pzn0
I truly need help
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, April 05, 2021
Worldwide design marks allegedly considering NFT raid
Btc vs eth
Hey, Guys starting a newsletter with some really cool stuff that I can send you every week, like good reads...
Explaining Vasp to Bitcoiners
Bitcoin
Cash app and making $ bitcoin question
Microsoft ION's Daniel Buchner Wants To Decentralize Our Identities With Bitcoin
Question about transferring
Michael Saylor: My latest thoughts on why #Bitcoin is the most powerful &amp; disruptive technology of our lifetime, why it is irrational &amp; tragic to dismiss it as speculative fervor, how it is good for the health &amp; prosperity of the both the US &amp; the rest of the world.
Bitcoin mining will become even more difficult
Bitcoin mining will become even more difficult
Bitcoin mining will become even more difficult
How to take money off real estate ?
Bitcoin lost? Can anyone help? Its been 14 days
Moving from Robinhood for Bitcoin and looking for a place where I can actually own my keys
My newly customized cash app bitcoin themed (solar powered, to the moon, diamond hands) card.
⚠️⚠️⚠️ Be Aware!! Crypto Scam In progress - Bitmantic.com ⚠️⚠️⚠️
Michael Saylor puts it all in context.
B O G G E D
PayPal Accepts Bitcoin For Merchant Payment
Grayscale Reveals Intentions to Convert the Firm’s Bitcoin Trust Into an ETF
Grayscale Announces Intention To Convert GBTC To ETF
Bitcoin fungibility problem...
Any idea what is in the unknown pool? is it solo miners? am kinda new to this.
Bitcoin.com domain for sale!!
Is bitcoin Mars proof?
GBTC - &gt; Bitcoin ETF = more liquidity/demand for Bitcoin = 1 step closer to moon
GBTC - &gt; Bitcoin ETF = more liquidity/demand for Bitcoin = 1 step closer to moon
🗽NEW YORK CITY COIN 🗽
For anyone out there that either owns a restaurant, or knows someone that owns a restaurant and wants to allow customers to use Bitcoin to pay for their online order - Menufy might be a good fit for you!
10 YOUNGEST Bitcoin MILLIONAIRES with CRAZY LIVES
I created an easy, simple btc explorer
Is there a list of public figures who made negative statements about bitcoin and were later proven wrong?
Grayscale Wants to Turn Its Bitcoin Fund into an ETF
Is Germany going to start taxing crypto?
Can Someone Explain This Like I'm 5 Years Old
$$$ ALMOST $2000 OF FREE CRYPTO: $$$ BINANCE , BYBIT , CAKEDEFI , CELSIUS , COINBASE , CRYPTO.COM , EARNATHON , ECOIN , GEMINI , KUCOIN , MORPHER , STORMGAIN , PI NETWORK $$$ FAST AND EASY TO GET $$$
Bitcoin mining farm destroyed in a flood im China
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Notification app for a beginner?
END DAY
Why You Should NOT Use SMS-2FA: Documented List of Cryptocurrency-related SIM Swap Attacks
Why You Should NOT Use SMS-2FA: Documented List of Cryptocurrency-related SIM Swap Attacks
1,000 bitcoin bounty reward on The Falcon and the Winter Soldier on Disney+!
My humble 4k yolo
My Retirement Plan Is Bitcoin - Now I just need to invest in it first...haha.
MVU cloud mining
Lightning Network projections for 1-2 years
To the people who already invested in Bitcoin, where should I start?
Trace public addresses
80,000 BTC $5 BILLION OUT FLOW FROM EXCHANGES TODAY HUGE BUY SIGNIAL - BIG TECH COMPANY WHO WAS IT?!?!?
Crypto Economy Nears $2 Trillion, XRP Gains 37%, BTC Dominance Drops to 56%
Is BlockFi cutting my interest %
Major Bitcoin players unite to form trade group to promote crypto
Crypto will make millionaires this bull run! What do you guys think will be the next x10
Investment
Trading has never been so easy as with QoinIQ
Does supply/demand work when platforms can sell more than they own?
The first AVS buyback event while algorithm continues to generate impressive returns!
In Korea, BTC crushed 60K resistance and is currently trading at 71K at 20% premium. Look at this beautiful graph..!
In Korea, BTC crushed 60K resistance and is currently trading at 71K at 20% premium
The first AVS buyback event while algorithm continues to generate impressive returns!
The first AVS buyback event while algorithm continues to generate impressive returns!
blockchain block
Can't convince my self to use cold storage ...
How &amp; Why Michael Saylor &amp; MicroStrategy Can Become Bitcoin Villains
We need a bitcoin name list
Bitcoin Analysis With Metcalfe's Law
Collect Taxes More Effectively to Avoid ‘Debt Trap’ Chaos, Warns IMF
Any fellow Django devs interested in helping me create a free educational platform for people who might want to learn more about Bitcoin?
All of us waiting for $60k
Best block indexer for developers
Bitcoin-Pegged Token Crafted by Binance Swells, BTCB Now Commands $2.3 Billion Market Cap
Asking for advice.
Walter Huston explains Proof of Work in The Treasure of the Sierra Madre (1948)
Negócio e nuvem
Scam? I signed up for a Bitcoin survey job a while ago, a few weeks ago I got two checks in the mail on the same day mailed from two different places. For a couple thousand dollars to put in the machines.
Coinbase team just announced 1Q21 data including revenue of ~$1.8B, trading volume of $335B &amp; assets on the platform of $223B (11.3% of crypto asset market) with 56M users
Negócio e nuvem
Donation me
Donation me
This is the newest project of him?
Give me one good reason..
Never mine with a 1660 or below :(
Instala el navegador CryptoTab y comienza a ganar dinero extra por solo usarlo. Mientras estés viendo vídeos en YouTube, leyendo noticias y usando las redes sociales de la manera en la que lo haces a diario, consigues bitcoines reales.
Leading Security Consulting Company with an essential focus on blockchain security.
According to Crypto Quant 85k coins left exchange reserves in the last 24Hrs
Bitcoin Hashrate Surpasses All-Time High as Even 2014 ASICs Stay Profitable Bitcoin's hashrate is moving alongside its price as old and new mining machines come online.
What traditional assets is Bitcoin now more valuable than?
How to Easily Calculate Taxes on Your Bitcoin Earnings
Will you uninstall the Exchange App and just Hold Bitcoin?
The key to trading success is emotional discipline. If intelligence were the key, there would be a lot more people making money trading
This is why Bitcoin.
😁😁
5 Ways DeFi Can Revolutionize the Healthcare Industry
Selling a Car for Bitcoin
Crypto Exchanges
SWAN bitcoin won't give me my bitcoin for a month
Are there any Lightning Network experts who would like to chip in on this take?
Petition to Satoshi Nakamoto plz plz plz
Bitcoin iPhone wallpaper live price chart
NBA Team Sacramento Kings to Offer Players the Option of Getting Salary Paid in Bitcoin
BitMEX’s Arthur Hayes Surrenders To Authorities
The NFT hype: latest trends in Blockchain
storage diversification...
Mobile Crypto Currency
From a lot in Monoco
I'm using Blockchain.com and need help
I found 84 Bitcoins but can’t liquidate them. Am I screwed?
Show this to the Energy Fudsters.
DeFi world - how to invest and earn crypto reward
🤪
Was wondering if there were currently any Bitcoin related in person conferences.
snapchat " darianbags9934 "
Michael Saylor: There is No Way for Bitcoin to Fail
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.1.6 - bitcoin privacy and coinjoin with chris belcher and waxwing
I wish to Convert or exchange karmas in Bitcoins
ShitCoinbase
Concept crypto
DeFi on Bitcoin?
What happened to Bitcoin transaction fees in Dec 2017 / Jan 2018?
Crypto Pro Referral Code
BitMEX’s Arthur Hayes Surrenders To Authorities
Sacramento Kings To Offer Bitcoin Salary Option To Players
I am wanting to send $190. There’s a fee to send. Want the person to get $190. I pretend to send with the supposed fee added in but the fee changes. For instance send $190 and fee is $15.38. So I enter 190+15.38=$205.38. Click to view fees and now it is $15.96. I need $190 exactly.
Project worth to invest?
The SEC stated in a legal conference call today that they have not officially decided yet if BTC is a security.
That’s what friends are for...
It's interesting to read this with a Bitcoin perspective - From the book Homo Sapiens
R/BitcoinSuperCycle
Crypto Webinar
The Markets are standing still for YOU
Coinbase Q1 revenue jumped from $190M to $1.8B ahead of public market debut
CoinMarketCap Removes South Korean Crypto Exchanges From Bitcoin Price Tracking
Hire independent contractors using Bitcoin with escrows!
Michael Saylor - Best Strategy For Individuals TO GET RICH WITH BITCOIN!
Bitcoinknots
Erik Voorhees in-depth interview on Bitcoin and monetary theory
bitcoLOAN, a new investment opportunity that lets EVERYONE be the bank!😎
I Found a Way to get Free Bitcoin, no joke, Its free and Bitcoin is $58,000 ,now Heading up, all u do is mine Bitcoin on your cell or Computer, (CLICK 1 BUTTON) and make free money !! I made $767.00 so far in a week, Heres the Link, https://minebitcoins.co/
Nexo Sued for ‘Unlawful’ Liquidation of Clients’ Collateral XRP Amid SEC’s Ripple Lawsuit
Sharing an opportunity SAFELIGHT
What Is Student Coin and Why It Already Raised Over $28 Million
Coinbase Reports $1.8 Billion In Revenue, 6.1 Million Active Users For Q1
Canada: CI Global Launches Bitcoin-based Mutual Fund
Interview: Bitcoin Smart Contracts With Ben Carman
BitcoLOAN, a new investment opportunity that let EVERYONE be the bank
Crypto Taxes EXPLAINED By A Crypto Tax CPA EXPERT!
New DeFi giant coming in May? Crypto project worth of our attention in coming month.
Does Bitcoin have a chance to be the future digital gold?
Does Bitcoin have a chance to be the future digital gold?
🙂Donate some crypto currency 🙂I need some help 😶
Coinbase Reports $1.8 Billion In Revenue, 6.1 Million Active Users For Q1
empty fridge
Does any one have a source for an approximate amount of BTC retail whales hold?
Should I make my clothing brand accept Bitcoin or should I just go yolo and make my clothing brand only be Bitcoin payable?
Satoshi's last gift....
The NASDAQ and Bitcoin chart are identical, but over very different time frames. Both had a bubble early on before tech was ready to be adopted. I think this is a sign crypto has entered a super cycle.
RAT (remote access trojan) that is deeply obfuscated and seeks to replace wallet addresses in clipboard with its own bad addresses.
Question about Double Spending and Mobile Wallets
Fidelity 401K btc?
PayPal's Bitcoin Payment processor
ALMS
Safest wallet to store erc-20 tokens?
Why Decentralization Is Uniquely American
This post is for sale...
Bitcoin may briefly flatline as support grows for next breach of $60,000
Litecoin On The Verge Of Monster Move Against Bitcoin
In preparation for its debut on the Nasdaq next week, cryptocurrency exchange Coinbase said on Tuesday that first-quarter revenue climbed about nine-fold from last year, driven by a historic rally in the price of bitcoin.
I bought one Bitcoin for $20,000. I bought another Bitcoin for $60,000. I then wetted my pants when Bitcoin dropped and I sold 1 at $40,000. How much profit or loss do I report to the IRS from these 3 trades?
LIVE NOW: Coinbase Q1 Earnings Call and IPO Discussion (Clubhouse Stream)
HELP
New to the space feels
(BCH)BITCOIN CASH LOOK COMING TO BREAKOUT HUGE SINCE THE UPDATE
Can bitcoin transfer/port over to hypothetical future new internet analogues? Is btc just the rules+transaction history of the network?
Wallets for people under the age of 18
60K! We are back baby!!🚀🚀
STOCK ALERT DISCORD
How to Transfer Bitcoin to PayPal | Sell Bitcoin for PayPal
Lifestyle and Entertainment Company Playboy Plans to Launch NFTs With Nifty Gateway
Lightning Network Reaches 10,000 Nodes
Collect Taxes More Effectively to Avoid ‘Debt Trap’ Chaos, Warns IMF
Btc
When Lambo?
Why Decentralization Is Uniquely American
Cex scammed me
Market Dominance of BTC about to drop below 50%
Need help
Coinbase scam text warning
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Btc miner
Today I did a shoot for a company in Copenhagen and they had a meeting room named after Satoshi. Pretty cool that Satoshi is starting to be recognized by general public like this! Other meeting rooms were called after Turing, Lovelace, Metcalfe and etc
Btc ads bot are they working ?
Almost Done Eating Noodles More Nights the Not!
Come join my mining pool
If I transferred my BTC into a private wallet and bought stuff with it, Can the government find out I've made those transactions?
Miner hoarding
Bitcoin as a currency exchange mule?
Hold $cake &amp; $Bake #cryptoiz #bitcoin #binance
Where is a Pay-Per. Click platform with payout in BTC?
Bitcoin looking like Doge
During the wake of an elderly relative this Sunday, I figured out the best place to put my seed phrase for security.
@NVK Launches PaysBitcoin.org To Track Companies Offering BTC Compensation
Tor Search &amp;#8211; Search The Onion Space
Bitcoin’s Lightning Network Now Has 10K Active Nodes and $69M in Locked Value. ⚡
I just sold this to a friend and bought crypto with the cash. It belonged to my two sons and now they got a better deal in the future. What do you think?
Bitcoin US$ 70.000?
Lightning Network Reaches 10,000 Nodes
Someone Moved $1.3 Billion Worth Of Bitcoin For Just $10: Try That With Your Bank
Getting started in Crypto as a minor
Grayscale says it's committed to launching bitcoin ETF
How long does the bull market lasts?
Oracle Token Chainlink Replaces XRP in Grayscale’s Strategic Large Cap Fund
Can anyone give me a reason why I would take my coins off binance and put them into a cold/paper wallet. I know people say not in your wallet not your coins or something but I just can't see why I would need to risk it? If there's a guide to follow to explain it I would appreciate it. Thanks
Korean Bitcoin is just better, that’s all
Noticed there was a 34 minutes space between blocks.
Why is it relevant for Bitcoin that a company goes public?
@NVK Launches PaysBitcoin.org To Track Companies Offering BTC Compensation
Two questions about BTC's future - China and USA Gov.. Help.
Try an experiment 🧪
Gemini: Definitively The Cheapest Way to Stack Sats
The transaction fee market is maturing - "stuck" transactions, understanding the mempool, &amp; impact on mining explained
if anyone’s feeling generous my btc adress
What to do with RH "BTC holdings"
SENDING XRP WITH NO TAG
Earn 1$ every 30second using telegram AD bot! Instant withdrawals. PROOF
The #FYouMoney 20th episode is live! Check it out and watch my take on current #Bitcoin #BTC short term dump as well as Bitmex funding rate thoughts! 🎬🎥😎📈 Here!👇
Institutions triple down on Bitcoin as network difficulty hits all-time high
Which android wallet is the safest wallet ?
Institutions triple down on Bitcoin as network difficulty hits all-time high
Anagram in Bitcoin Block #2
iNFT = NFT + AI
Buying Bitcoin as a UK business
How would Bitcoin be forked in a hypothetical scenario where nation states decide to 51% attack Bitcoin?
iNFT = NFT + AI
distributed ledger vs lightning network
Voyager vs BlockFi for interest-bearing accounts...
Bitcoin: Revolutionary Money In A Time Of Universal Deceit
Scaramucci: Bitcoin Is The Apex Predator, But Ethereum Will Be The Actual Store Of Value
Louis Pouzin’s Datagram Story Is There To Remind Us Why Being a Bitcoin Maximalist Is Common Sense
Best site to buy bitcoin with prepaid card
I am sending you 1π! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/Dev1Idoc and use my username (Dev1Idoc) as your invitation code.
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
Which IOS wallet will have the lowest fees to withdraw from?
Regrets
Who else is new to Stacking SATs?
What are rebuttals to argument that China could just mine empty blocks and kill Bitcoin network?
Binance.US Bitcoin Withdrawal Fees (extremely overpriced)
Is it worth buying right now?
"NFT, the Blockchain technology that allows assign value to representations artistic digital "
Sacramento kings offer Bitcoin! 🚀🚀🪙
I coded a script to help me understand the daily news sentiment for Bitcoin in order to help me forecast potential pumps or dumps and open sourced it
A bit worried...
I have decided, to put an attractive US DOLLAR amount on my preup, so I don't have to settle with my future ex-wife by giving away my Bitcoin
Coinbase wallet down?
Mayer Multiple
Goldman Sachs CEO: We Act By The Rules On Bitcoin
Bitcoin storage
Michael Saylor and Raoul Pal Discuss Bitcoin and Inflation
Bitcoin: Revolutionary Money In A Time Of Universal Deceit
Goldman Sachs CEO David Soloman on Letting His Clients Buy Bitcoin - April 6th 2021
Luxury Nashville Hotel Takes Bookings in Bitcoin—or Dogecoin
CryptoTab Browser
Bitcoins will NOT be band. Know the past to predict the future. 1913
bitcoin to the moon
DMG Blockchain Solutions and Marathon Digital Mining Pools want to censor bitcoin transactions!
Bitcoin Network Status Update Tuesday, April 06, 2021
Polkadot’s Potential Gathers Momentum as Tether Joins the Ecosystem
Fidelity, Square And Coinbase Launch Cryptocurrency Trade Group
Invictus Capital Blazes Trail For Bitcoin Portfolio Gains
Here Mike is saying BTC can handle "a million transactions a second" but in reality it's more like 3-7 txns. Why is this a common thing I hear people say about bitcoin? (12:50)
Best trading apps
Crypto Brief - April 6th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
Check out my Raid Recap to see my Raid story so far - including all my biggest achievements. Start playing Raid using the link below and we can both get some free rewards! https://link.plrm.zone/app/dim5
saylor savage af. guistra debate is gonna be 🔥
Instala el navegador CryptoTab y comienza a ganar dine ro extra por solo usarlo. Mientras estés viendo vídeos en YouTube, leyendo noticias y usando las redes sociales de la manera en la que lo haces a diario, consigues bitcoines reales.
BITCOIN HOJE | FATOS QUE VOCE PRECISA SABER SOBRE CRIPTOMOEDAS | BITCOIN...
Wanna mine some bitcoin, but have no farm? Now you don’t need it! Just install CryptoTab, the world’s first browser with built-in mining features. Fast, convenient and easy-to-use, it will mine BTC while you’re browsing the web or just keep window open and active.
To BTC holders in Satoshi's Data - It's time to tell the truth
Bitcoin is EXPLODING and Billionaire Dave Chapman Has a lot to say about it in this EXCLUSIVE interview! Come watch and educate yourself!
Erik Voorhees, founder/CEO of Shapeshift, destroys fallacies
100% BTC or some ETH too?
READ BEFORE YOU INVEST. ClearSave is owned and operated by Lagoon Technologies which is not licensed or authorized. The actual owner of this broker is a company called MG Capital which just like its trading platform is suspicious since it is trying to hide its real identity from their clients.
Bitcoin is under attack on this sub: Andrew Yang Wants To Turn NYC Into A Bitcoin Megahub. That Would Be Terrible For Climate Change
Which Bitcoin Exchange Is Safest?
Polkadot Investors Unimpressed With Tether News
best way to store cryptos for frequent traders?
Article on Seeking Alpha today. Some may bash this idea, but I think it is INCREDIBLY Bullish.
Fidelity, Square And Coinbase Launch Cryptocurrency Trade Group
App or web
STACKING SATS BABY!!
Interviewing Asia's Bitcoin Bull - Dave Chapman [HaiKhuu Interviews]
Colors make you feel things. Things that only colors make you feel. What do you feel? NFT
Giant Companies Set Up Crypto Council For Positive Bitcoin Regulations
Me Trying to Get Friends to Adopt
Breez, Voltage Partner To Offer Lightning Nodes To Podcasters
Is there a tool like Ganache for bitcoin?
Bitcoiners every major drop
What would a BTC liquidity crisis look like?
Atomic wallet glitched. Reward for anyone who can assist. No backup seed.
Atomic wallet crashing, reward for anyone who can assist. Please take a look!!! NO SEED
Skeptoid podcast on Bitcoin
Everyone here is incredibly lucky.
Can anyone help here? Exodus wallet will not open, no seed. Reward for anyone who can help!
Is referral for free Butcoins and other cryptos allowed here?
Nashville boutique hotel to accept cryptocurrency as payment
Question on Bitcoin Perpetual futures and Spot order flow
Bitcoin hovering
The last time I came on /r/Bitcion to discuss the FBI and 39.677004483 Bitcoin I was ridiculed. Are you certain this was the right thing to do? Why not look at the evidence instead.
Know the past, to predict the future.
Registering at BitcoinTalk?? Asked to pay Proxyban fee but Fee is Insane?
Cardano's venture fund, CFund, has made its first $500,000 investment in payments company Coti
FIRST IN PERSON CRYPTO EXPO
2017
Any insight into why these haven’t confirmed yet? Kind of frustrating. New to BTC. First transactions been stuck for 8 hours and the second has a high fee and is stuck too. Any help appreciated.
Who Hates Bitcoin and Why? Government &amp; Banks?
I just shorted #ACY at $15 and I believe it will drop. This stock has declared bankruptcy and it will be another dying stock soon. https://tradestockalerts.com/day-trading-alert Great Way to Make Money is with Shorting Stocks! #daytrading #daytrade #shortingstocks #shortstocks
When to sell
Why does the BTC community hate BCH, and why does the BCH community hate BTC?
Some BTC whale is jealous Of ALT Coins
Right in the center of Moldova’s capital city
I want to sell my bitcoin
Is PayPal's crypto trade trustworthy?
is there an app or program that plays certain kind of music when btc price changes?
South Korea’s Kimchi Premium Returns: BTC and ETH Prices Jump 18% Higher Than the Global Average
Cryptowisser: 30 NFT Marketplaces Dominate the Market, but More Will Come as NFTs Continue to Boom
Bitcoin this spring! TOTHEMOON - JORDAN!
UNICEF CryptoFund Gets $1 Million in ‘Institutional Bitcoin’ Donation
Shower Thought
After its recent integration of a native podcasting network, the Breez Lightning client has announced that it is partnering with Lightning Network node hosting platform Voltage to give podcasters more seamless connectivity to the Layer 2 network.
Is it a good time to continue buying bitcoin ?
Is this site trustworthy?
The Verge: Is there a future for bitcoin? An investor and a skeptic debate
Bot auto mining satochis
Companies Offering Compensation In Bitcoin
Just a reminder......
The frustration
What is crypto ETF and ETP?
Square, Fidelity, Coinbase start cryptocurrency lobbying group
Cryptomonnaie : Analyse Bitcoin, Ethereum, Ripple (XRP)
Beware of u/itookapooinibiza
END DAY
Toy Snowman assecpt bitcoin payments
If anyone wants to be bitcoin now,
TA: Short-Term Bearish? Why Bitcoin Price Could Struggle Above $57.5k
Is there an online platform to buy prepaid credit cards with Bitcoin?
Seriously Underrated BTC Analyst Flying Under the Radar.
My transaction failed and still hasn't been refunded
This Spanish AR NFT Campaign Will Give You Pokémon Go Flashbacks
BlockFi referral link
Is Bitcoin a Chinese super weapon?
Be very wary of crypto dot com this is a major warning
My transaction failed and still hasn't been refunded
What happens to your BTC when you die?
I will draw whatever you tell me for 10 usd worth in Bitcoin, if you want a bigger work or with color we can discuss the price :)
I work in private wealth management. In 2017, 1% of the clients wanted to invest in BTC. Today, it’s about 10%!
I work in private wealth management. In 2017, 1% wanted to invest in BTC. Now, it’s up to about 10%!
This is the newest project of him?
Again and again and again
Complete information about how where and why to buy TLM token before listing
Bloomberg Foresees Bitcoin Rallying to $400K This Year
What Is Bitcoin? A Simple Investing Explainer.
Why is crypto.com executing all of my market sell orders at about 5% below market price?
Split lightning payments will be debuted this Friday 6:30pm PT via livestream DJ set (details in comments)
Merchant Token ICO - DEFI PROJECT 🚀🌕 - Phase 31 of 100
Miami’s Treasury Department Using Bitcoin
Bitcoin will be what triggers hyperinflation and collapses the US-Dollar
Bayern Munich vs. PSG player ratings: Neymar, Kylian Mbappe, Keylor Navas dazzle in big Champions League win
Kylian Mbappe Scores Twice as PSG Tops Bayern Munich in 1st Leg of UCL Quarterfinal
PSG and Bayern Munich Put on a Show
Cadeia de suprimentos
JPMorgan Boss Says ‘Emerging Issues’ Like Cryptocurrencies ‘Need to Be Dealt With Quickly’
Please I need help 🙏
Investment
What do you guys think about this song I like it a lot. Guys we need to skyrocket everything UP to the moon!!!
Venezuela I heard is beautiful
Mike Novogratz mentioned that every Bitcoiner should also be short the 5 year treasury. Can anyone explain this in more detail?
Cadeia de suprimentos
Crypto
What amount of money in your bank account makes you the most comfortable?
The Ultimate White Paper
Bitcoin 5 yr chart
How
6 Big Opportunities For Today 8 April 2021
Bloomberg never predicted a price of $400k and clickbait headlines like the one at the top of the sub today only harm the community.
From now at 56k to predictions up to 400k this year what’s your plan?
So I found an old txt file...
ELI5: How does BIP-39 make a wallet secure?
BTC Trading and Signals group... can it work?
Algorand, Stacks and Bitcoin. The beast mode tri-fecta portfolio
The Bitcoin Bhavacakra
Saifedean Ammous (Author: The Bitcoin Standard) on Bitcoin, Present and Future | April 7th
Mahalo to Bitcoin &amp; this entire community. Due to my 40% gains thus far I was able to YOLO a plane ticket to Hawaii and begin living the lifestyle I always dreamed of as a child. (@fergyfilms)
Testing BlueWallet Features (watch-only, plausible deniability)
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Cash bonus
(!!!) Andreas Antonopoulos: Bitcoin, Layer 2 Solutions, and the Wild West of Crypto (w/Ash Bennington)
🚨 WARNING ⚠️ Billionaire Peter Theil says that bitcoin is a Chinese WEAPON against the US. Time to consider ditching it?
Dont miss this gem!
Can't make Bitcoin 2021 in Miami, free ticket
Has the idea that big banks will use Bitcoin as the basis for an enormous derivatives market?
Chinese Lottery Firm Rebrands, Purchases Bitcoin Mining Rig Manufacturer for $100 Million
Professional Soccer Players Are Buying Bitcoin And It Will Protect Their Wealth
You can invest a minimum of $300 in the 1week plan You can invest a minimum of $500 in the 24hours plan
Investment and Fx Trade
Very new to crypto, and I'm curious, is there speculation that there could be a wide array of coins for different purposes in the future? I ask because I'm curious if there could be another BTC rise up as well and do the same, or do do you think the market will just adopt BTC only as the 1 and only?
Missed out on Safemoon? You don't want to missout on this, will x50 in few days. Insider groups are looking to pump it in next few days
Grupo en ESPAÑOL sobre CRYPTOMONEDAS en Telegram
180 PIP For Free Today 8 April 2021
Sneak Peak of STC Terminal functions for Student Coin - (Create your token Feature)
Bleutrade Login Problems
Confused about UTXO and how it is used to determine if a user "mints bitcoin out of thin air"
Bitcoin Geopolitical Games!
How would US taxes or regulation work?
A Summary Of Bitcoin's Massive First Quarter
What is the best bitcoin wallet for international people?
Is bitcoin worth it.. or toilet paper??
Atari Ventures Into NFTs, Blockchain To Boost Its Revenues
Will Bitcoin ETFs do to Bitcoin what Metal ETFs have done to physical prices?
Alt Season
Bitcoins latest TA indicates were in for a rough ride over the next few days 😯
Bitcoin
People say you take a risk when investing in Bitcoin. I see it different.
How to send to Ledger HWW from Blockchain wallet
How to make a transaction stuck in the Mempool for as long as possible?
What are the chances that your coins might lose if left in exchange like binance?
Economist Says Bitcoin Isn’t Too Big to Fail — Warns BTC Can Only Establish Itself if Governments Allow It
XELS Launches Eco-Conscious Blockchain Platform for Carbon Offset Credits
Sleeping beauty
Peter Thiel Calls Bitcoin ‘a Chinese Financial Weapon’ against US Dollar
Installieren Sie den CryptoTab-Browser und verdienen Sie zusätzlich Geld, indem Sie ihn ganz normal verwenden. Während Sie wie üblich YouTube-Videos aufrufen, die Nachrichten lesen oder soziale Netzwerke nutzen, können Sie echte Bitcoins verdienen.
Si buscas como generar ingresos para toda la vida esta es tu oportunidad
ayúdame con un clic, gracias de antemano
I’m debuting a split lightning payment plugin this Friday April 9th 6:30pm PT via a livestreamed DJ set from the US Mint in San Francisco (details in comments)
Debuting a split lightning payment plugin this Friday April 8th 6:30pm PT via a livestreamed DJ set from the US Mint in San Francisco (details in comments)
The rules that we make don’t apply to everyone, not for those of the City of London
Don’t be that guy
Will you vote for Trump again, if the Biden administration bans Bitcoin before the 2024 halving?
Another guy that does not understand how Bitcoin works
Who wanna see feet?? Like feet??
Goldman Sachs CEO charts Bitcoin’s ‘inevitable path’ against Gold
Linktree says Lolli.com is an "Unsafe URL"
Who is Michael Saylor? (mini documentary on origin and his foray into Bitcoin)
Why is Peter Thiel saying Bitcoin is Chinese? can he not tell Nakamoto is Japanese?
I’m new to this Bitcoin thing and don’t know what I’m even doing
I want to invest but I only have a paypal account, where can I buy?
A Summary Of Bitcoin's Massive First Quarter
Bloomberg Foresees Bitcoin Rallying to $400K This Year
Best investment with highest potential ROI on BTC knowing it will go up?
rent payment in bitcoin
How come there are “Black Life Matters” parade but no “Bitcoin Matters” parade?
Hester Peirce, one of what will soon be five commissioners at the Securities and Exchange Commission- Marketwatch interview
Me when we reach 500k.
Report: $48 Billion Hedge Fund Millennium Management Had GBTC Exposure
Exohash Scaling and Outcome Probability
If boating insurance covered bitcoin...
Peter Thiel: Bitcoin a Chinese Financial Weapon against the US
Italian man who held hit man with Bitcoin arrested
Bitcoin vs SEC (Ripple's request to view SEC docs on Bitcoin)
How come nobody uses the Lighting Network?
Tales from the Crypt: #243: Regenerative farming, Fiat food and farming, cattle breeds, and plebs running the world with Untapped Growth
Let’s all make Bitcoin to 0$
Will Bitcoin reach $500,000 first, or Peter Schiff admit hes wrong about Bitcoin first?
United States national debt
Betplay.io adds support for Liquid Network bitcoin payments
Bitcoin Market 04/07/2021
Crypto Mining Equipment at the lowest price ever! 35% reduced price!
Is there any way to know or approximate the number of unique coins that are in actual circulation at any given point?
Fuck Hindenburg
Hal Finney’s address who received 50 bitcoins from Satoshi Nakamoto in 2009, frequently still receives bitcoin. Are people giving some of their bitcoin almost as a ceremonial thank you or something?
South African Crypto Exchange Ceases Operations Less Than a Month After Suspending BTC Withdrawals
Central Banks Update: Q1 2021
Ukrainian civil servants have a total of 46 thousand bitcoins: 40% belong to one person
Ebon up!
One of the hottest crypto domain names was temporarily up for grabs, according to GoDaddy.
DERIVE ADRESS FROM HD MASTER PRIVATE KEY
Anyone want $2.50 USD?
How Bitcoin changes Consumer Spending | Hillary Miller
Newegg VP says Bitcoin is rising as a payment option in eCommerce
Report: $48 Billion Hedge Fund Millennium Management Had GBTC Exposure
Billionaire Real Estate Mogul Rick Caruso Partners with Gemini - Bitcoin Payments
BTC &gt; Dollar (cross post from infographic)
If “Hodler” is to describe people who wouldnt sell Bitcoin, then whats the official term for people who wouldnt buy Bitcoin?
How Ethereum has outperformed Bitcoin by 250% since inception
That famous octopus which can predict football result, if you put fiat and Bitcoin into its water tank what would happen?
Since MicroStrategy adopted the Bitcoin Standard on 8/11/20: MSTR +385.21% &amp; BTC +390.77%
[Contest] I won a free Chipotle Burrito in their Bitcoin contest but the code expires tomorrow so I'll send it to the highest voted bitcoin meme in the comments tonight 8PM EST.
How much BTC are you trying to HODL and what price would you sell your BTC at?
If you have lost your wallet password and seed, would you still be considered as a “HODLER” ?
How to buy bitcoin at 17
Article: The Ownership of Digital Assets: NFTs and Stacks
I have 0.01BTC in Revolut and want to move it to Coinbase...
Alan watts - everything about money, wealth and capitalism
Someone selling art for coin🍻
Just bought my first serious amount of BTC. Pray for me.
For the 📄🙌🏽
Fellow Dutchies, which exchange do you use?
سعر البيتكوين BTC يجمع الزخم في انتظار كسر المقاومة 60 الف
Help?
JP Morgan's Jaime Dimon: Bitcoin Regulation a ‘Serious Emerging Issue’
Bitcoin Is BTC Going To FALL Or Crash (Bitcoin's Price Analysis)
What is happening right now to Bitcoin??
Caruso has adopted a Bitcoin treasury reserve policy
BTC Withdrawl to my wallet
It has come out!
Hey everyone! just bought my first 0.01 BTC!!!! Lets gooooo!!!! To the moon!!!!
Ukraine’s Civil Servants Report Owning $2.6 Billion Of Bitcoin
GBTC Usual joke day
88 years ago Franklin D. Roosevelt banned gold ownership in the US – will a Bitcoin ban follow?
I don’t need to say what everyone’s thinking
New in Bitcoin
BIG DIP OPPORTUNITY!!! Bitcoinn going to 400k boys!!! Let's get it!! Buy the dip!!!
Galería de arte con 96 CryptoPunks será expuesta en vallas publicitarias y paradas de buses en Miami
Can I post here
Bitcoin held by exchanges
Hedge Fund Giant Invests In Bitcoin Trust, JPMorgan's CEO On Crypto Regulation + More News
Best Bitcoin mining app
Best exchange for HODLers?
How would I figure out BTC buy price?
Daily Bitcoin News April 6th, 2021
F***ing s**t dude! This can't be real... someone else research this also... shall we drop bitcoin?
Cardano’s Cfund First Capital Goes to Israeli Fintech Startup Coti
Riot Blockchain To Purchase 42,000 Antminers For $138.5 Million
I have built a crypto trading fees comparison tool.
#FYouMoney newest episode is live guys! Check it out now to watch everything about #Bitcoin price action and more! 🎬🎥😎📈 Go here👇
Do you need platforms to buy bitcoin?
Kraken
Bloomberg report to subscribers. You can view it here. BULLISH BITCOIN. Late to the party, as always.
BridgeOracleSystem
Where can I buy a big chunk amount of BTC3-5 coins..
And away we go... "Riot Blockchain signs contracts to buy 42,000 more S19j Antminers"
HODL
Man who tried to buy 'chemical weapons' with bitcoin in US is jailed for 12 years
How Do You Buy Bitcoin At The Cheapest Rate Possible?
Wallet
Ukraine’s Civil Servants Report Owning $2.6 Billion Of Bitcoin
P&amp;D Question
Elsewhere NFT’s hype: Performers and crypto experts take a hard look at NFTs
Use (formerly) annoying crank calls to spread bitcoin message
Mark Cuban Crypto Podcast
Comment on the price
I need an exchange that won't rape me when withdrawing
This is the way..
Riot Blockchain purchases 42,000 Antminers from Bitmain
Give free Trezor for anyone
Bitcoin Option Traders
Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #143: LN Node Software
Lyn Alden - The Bitcoin Trade IS NOT OVER! (More Money To Be Made!)
Bitcoin Trades Above $70k in South Korea: Kimchi Premium Explained - The Tokenist
Is it possible to change the words that are used to secure a wallet?
Node creation?
Lightning Network RBF Help
I have found Satoshi Nakamoto, he is.....
Bitcoin price falls to US$57,000 and XRP falls 19% - Crypto DeFinance
Crypto currency
Riot Blockchain To Purchase 42,000 Antminers For $138.5 Million
Pricing Your Life In Bitcoin
Looking for bet365 + skrill / neteller greece 🇬🇷 morocco 🇲🇦 Bulgaria 🇧🇬
Who else is thinking of swapping all of his altcoins to BTC?
Best way to gift bitcoin to 100 people?
I feel like this needs to be said. Walk into any retail store with fiat and walkout with your purchased items no questions asked. Try to do the samething online and there is currently no mainstream way to do so, without involving a bank of some kind. Bitcoin sloves this.
Bitcoin Just Saw its 2nd and 3rd Largest Whale Transactions of the Year, New Address Created Worth $1.99B
GetBlock Nodes Provider Introduces the New Dashboard: Updated Statistics, Easy-to-Use API Keys
Now Visa permits payments to relax fiat transactions with Bitcoin
Anyone Provide BOTH Forex &amp; Bitcoin?
PHT Token Mining App Review
Recently started investing and I am using Robinhood as everyone has told me to use. Is it a bad idea to use RH for BTC?
MicroStrategy's 2021 Bitcoin Purchase History: 3/3 on dips so far, do they sense we're in another?
A new awesome project by bitrollpay
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, April 07, 2021
XRP Surpassed the $1 Mark After Token Doubled Value in Just Seven Days
Bitcoiners Should Stand Up For My Brother, Julian Assange
Canadian Bitcoin Platform That Pays When You Shake Your Phone
Head and Shoulders?
Bitcoin rn 🦵🍆🦵
Bitcoin prices from Coinbase.
CoinMetro Crypto Exchange achieved a perfect TrustPilot score of 5!
Intelligence dossier finds Bitcoin is outperforming gold, but Ethereum is outshining Bitcoin
It is Simples - whoever has bought before 2021 would be in the money.
"Hodl FOMO" Crystallizes What Is "Different This Time" In Bitcoin's Bull Market | WhatBitcoinDid | Apr. 7th
This El Salvador Village Adopts Bitcoin As Money
US customs when I get my gpu order from alibaba
Bitcoin value slides 5% as second day of misfortunes costs Ethereum $2K milestone
Check Out This Bad Boy Here 4 Months Of Daily Crypto Charting
Pi Cycle Top Indicates we are about to enter Bear market
Bitcoiners Should Stand Up For My Brother, Julian Assange
Which BTC address type use in 2021 for long term.
Stay vigilant Brothers &amp; Sisters ! A new governing monster (Crypto Council for Innovation) is being created to (potentially) strip privacy, enforce 100% KYC compliance, destroy scarcity &amp; secure of the Bitcoin protocol. The loser barons of #UASF war are at it again !
In Bullish Report, Bloomberg Predicts $400,000 Bitcoin Price In 2021
Crypto Brief - April 7th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
2000 wallets! MelloToken
selling premium on BITCOIN in EU?
Novogratz regards BTC as a store of value and not a payment form - (Duh)
COLDCARD 4.0.2 Firmware Release 🍄⏫
Bitcoin Revolution Continues To Move Forward With Lightning Network Reaching 10K Active Nodes
💯 x gem
What do you guys think about the future price of Etherum Classic? Should I buy it?
Fungibility
We are CLEARLY at the market cycle top according to all charts.
In Bullish Report, Bloomberg Predicts $400,000 Bitcoin Price In 2021
Goldman Sachs CEO predicts a 'big evolution' in the way bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies are regulated
This NBA Team Will Soon Have the Option of Being Paid in Bitcoin
This NBA Team Will Soon Have the Option of Being Paid in Bitcoin
05/04/2019 i knew btc price☺️
ANY BITCOIN AVAILABLE
Bitcoin Soars To Record Highs In South Korea
Coinbase’s Q1 Revenue Soars 9-Fold to $1.8 Billion Ahead of IPO on Nasdaq
Bitcoin.com Exchange Has Listed IQQ, the Token Behind the IQONIQ Fan Ecosystem
READ BEFORE YOU INVEST. ClearSave is owned and operated by Lagoon Technologies which is not licensed or authorized. The actual owner of this broker is a company called MG Capital which just like its trading platform is suspicious since it is trying to hide its real identity from their clients.
The Canadian Bitcoiners Podcast Episode 2 - Canadian Exchanges, Taxes, Protecting Your Wealth
Kimchi Premium Vanishes, then Returns as Bank Issues Appear to Have Hit Upbit
Somebody else using your account (international) - legality and liability
Bitcoin News Today: Banks Cause Indians To Own Bitcoin. Bitcoin Bulls HODL. Stars Aligning for BTC.
100x gem
If nobody knows who is Satoshi Nakamoto than why don't people working for Bitcoin just find out that who had most number of Bitcoin and tell who actually is Satoshi?
What happens if/when Coinbase runs out of Bitcoin?
Haha the accuracy
Lightning Experts: When I route a transaction what are the fees applied?
Bitcoin HODL FOMO with Brady Swenson — What Bitcoin Did
Gold vs Bitcoin SWOT analysis
Prediction: what will be BTC price July 1st, 2021? above 70K USD?
BITCOIN HOJE | NOVO CARTÃO DE CRÉDITO COM BITCOINS NO CASHBACK | COMO MI...
Withdrawal fees getting ridiculous
Best exchange ?
Where can I find the next option expiration date?
How can I see when the next contracts are expiring?
Ryan Babel helped his friends earn money with bitcoin advice
Well...well....well....
RIOT is the serious Miner - more miners are purchased
UNICEF handed million dollar donation with Bitcoin from Huobi
Mine Bitcoin with this browser for free
Crash...
Help Please
Is the Fed hiding something? Why weekly money supply data just got discontinued.
I just found some Bitcoin
Making sure that your seed was never seen
Nick Szabo on How People Accidentally Lose Their Bitcoin - don't be one of them, it happens to more people than it should (1-minute audio clip)
$CELL - the next biggest blockchain service platform?
Whoopsie... 😅
What frequency for DCAing
Reason for the drop?
I Found a Way to get Free Bitcoin, no joke, Its free and Bitcoin is $58,000, now Heading up, all u do is mine Bitcoin on your cell or Computer, (CLICK 1 BUTTON) and make free money !! I made $767.00 so far in a week, Heres the Link, https://minebitcoins.co/
END DAY
Address Reuse
Massive Adoption Idea for the Coders
find a good place to buy bitcoin miner yesterday.
The Boomers will be the next wave to fomo in, selling portions of their trillions of dollars in assets to try and grab some serious amounts of Bitcoin. I didn't believe the headlines until I started talking to boomers myself to get their opinions on Bitcoin
Coinbase going public: who will buy?
will Michael J. Saylor ever sell BTC?
Beginner’s Guide: How to Count Cards &amp; Win at Blackjack
Invest in bitcoin today and change your life
I/O polling Interrupts
The 2021 Crypto Crime Report Everything you need to know about ransomware, darknet
I/O Systems
I've never been able to catch Bitcoin at a round number before. 58,000.00
BTC Adoption
What crypto exchange is this?
Scott Minerd of Guggenheim on Bitcoin "It's Hard To Get Short, It's a Dangerous Game" - April 8 2021
If you’re new to bitcoin what are some questions you have maybe we can help out in this thread
If you’re new to bitcoin what are some questions you have that we can help answer?
África, governos e blockchain
Crypto CEO “Convinced” Of Bitcoin Cycle Top, Warns Of Sell Side Intensity
Bitcoin for dummies
AtomicWallet giveaway
peer-to-peer and fully decentralized broker - meta-currency
Thoughts on Andrei Jikh?
Why Bitcoin Free Open Source Software Matters
Finally hit .1 bitcoin!!
HSBC declares war to Microstrategy and crypto
Anyone else put their entire paycheck into BTC?
India may be about to criminalize cryptocurrencies
China’s bitcoin mining is threatening its climate change targets, study says
A great in-depth talk about money and why this guy is moving to BTC... S1 E8 The Money Conversation (Season Finale)
Authorities: NFL player Phillip Adams killed 5, then himself
Authorities: NFL player Phillip Adams killed 5, then himself
Reports: Former NFL player Phillip Adams kills five, himself
NFT Roundup: A Closer Look at Key Developments Over the Last Week
Just got in on the Bitcoin train!
New Bitcoin Mining Giant Emerging in US With USD 651M Deal
Bitcoin Audible: Read_514 - The Responsibility of Adopting Bitcoin [DerGigi]
Ledger Data Breach Class Action Lawsuit
Why we are still really early.
Important Question!!
bitcoin diamond/gold available on mandala
CryptoSwap Finance is a decentralized exchange (AMM model) that is running on Binance Smart Chain
Buying Bitcoin anyone in? Kindly dm
This guy put his PS Vita on sale for 0.08 bitcoin 4 years ago.
Bitcoin the MOST secure blockchain.
Question about proof of stake and control of BTC network
The Old American Dream Is Dead
Bitcoin Price Prediction: Why Bitcoin Could Rocket To $400,000 In 2021
África, governos e blockchain
In all honesty (and I’m not sure how many times this has been posted but I haven’t seen it since joining) how likely do we realistically think that a 51% attack could happen to BTC - let’s say in the next 10 years??
Join Robinhood get a Free stock
Join Robinhood get a Free stock
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.04.05
Relativity Theory Applied to Bitcoin
MarketWatch: ‘We’ve reached a tipping point’ on bitcoin adoption, Fidelity’s Tom Jessop says
DCA or wait for a dip?
Hey I live in Korea, I can sell your coins to korean Market
Bitcoin is Freedom
Bitcoin is a Digital “Empire State Building”
COMMUNITY SEASONAL GIVEAWAY
If BTC solidifies past $59
Syscoin
You are few steps away from success when you try. But have failed when you don’t try!!.
2021 is mining crypto (bitcoin specifically) worth it
How many developers manage control all the commits?
Taxing Bitcoin at the purchase
Bitcoin gaining traction in Armenia
If you trying to earn sum money text me
Federal Reserve’s Kashkari says he would not panic if he saw a 4% inflation rate. -they keep inching it up!
Great opportunity
Fidelity Says Bitcoin Adoption Will Keep Accelerating — ‘We’ve Reached a Tipping Point’
This is the newest project of him?
Wanna buy n trade Bitcoin for cheaper
market cipher referal link, https://marketciphertrading.com?ref=18843
Are bitcoin transactions traceable?
Anyone else going big on $GBTC in their Roth IRA?
Alan Watts - Everything About Money, Wealth and Capitalism
Lesson Learned - HODL or Pay the Price
Should I run Full Node or Lightning Node - Which is more valuable to Bitcoin right now?
Wanna buy Bitcoin for cheaper through trusted agents
The NFT hype: latest trends in Blockchain
Bitcoin April 2021 🚀
Does McAfee still have his xxxx?
Bitcoin Mining
South African cryptocurrency exchange iCE3 has gone into liquidation after it claims to have found “discrepancies” in its balances in March
Recover my Coin or Discover the owner of a Bitcoin Address
Ethereum Mini Airdrop
Wildly Popular Live Casino Games from Evolution Now Available on Bitcoin.com’s Gaming Portal
Fomero.io &gt;&gt; Leading Double-spend tool for blockchain-related projects in 2021
Vatican is now buying Bitcoin, you heard it here first from me.
Help...Xfr $ from BlockChain back to Exchanges!
Taking out a loan on bitcoin to buy more bitcoin
Bitcoin solves the problem of personal poverty, as long as you believe in it.
I dont know which is better.....the fact that Bitcoin will hit $500,000 this year, or the fact that I am so committed to the idea so I have told everyone around me that Bitcoin will hit $500,000 this year so when it does hit I would be a legend.
Another hedge fund gets into Bitcoin. This is all just getting started.
My ex-gf just texted me asking if I am still “into Bitcoin”. I heard she isnt getting on well with this other guy as he just lost his job coz of covid and he is in arrear across everything. Should I exercise my Bitcoin financial superpower and win her back, or is this too low-handed?
BCH better
That’s a 41278% gain they lost out on rip
What is the best hardware wallet ? Why ?
Bank account closure for Bitcoin purchase (US Bank)
Voyager Interest???
Peter Thiel: Bitcoin may be a Chinese financial weapon, says the Paypal co-founder
Some pretty amazing developments are happening in bitcoin technology...
Wallet
Bitcoin earning
Scammer
Ethereum Mini Airdrop last
Ledger (Wallet) and Shopify Face Class Action Over Massive Data Breach
$10k minimum purchase
I made Bitcoin adoption guide for newbies
تعدين البيتكوين و الربح منه كيف يمكن ان يعمل بعد عام 2021؟
What's the counter argument to notion that bitcoin's energy usage is environmentally destructive?
Another Hedge Fund Gets Crypto Exposure via Grayscale’s GBTC
What Bitcoin Trends will we see in 2021? Any thoughts...
• Bitcoin price 2013-2021 | Statista
Question: Bitcoin Network Fee
Coinsetter-LLC Bitcoin Scam (Kraken Identity Theft)
CryptoTab tarayıcıyı yükle ve sadece bu tarayıcıyı kullandığın için ekstra para kazanmaya başla. Yalnızca her gün yaptığın gibi YouTube izlediğin, haberleri okuduğun ve sosyal ağları kullandığın sürece gerçek Bitcoinler alırsın.
Remove bank info from exchange
Chinese Web Firm Meitu Buys $10M More in Bitcoin
Bitcoin - The currency/store of value for a planetary type I Civilization
When will Bitcoin be the worlds deserve currecy?
Should I convert some of my ETH into bitcoin?
How are lost Bitcoin accounted for in the overall value?
Interactive Brokers BTCC ETF
An Asynchronous and Divergent Recovery May Put Financial Stability at Risk
Pancakeswap Insufficient Output Amount Resolved
Bloomberg says BTC replacing gold “more suddenly” than anticipated. Quotes $400,000 price potential in 2021
Am I being charged?
Ripple CTO: ‘All the Evidence’ Suggests XRP and Bitcoin Are Similar, Contrary to SEC
Another Cryptocurrency Reddit Scam
300 free trone
Interview: All In On Bitcoin With Gary Leland
Recreational Level ASIC for Crypto Mining
Bitcoin is nothing but a fad
High Fees, for you too?
Margin Trade
Split lightning payments debuting tomorrow via livestreamed DJ set at the U.S. Mint! (details in comments)
Government Ban on Bitcoin Is ‘Foolish’: SEC's Hester Peirce
How to understand the value of bitcoin (explanation in Spanish)
My name is Bitimus Maximus Stacksatius
coinbase support line hacked
Is this a problem with BTC
A simple pleb asking about converting who Hodls looking for advice
So, i’m a dumbass. How does one exactly mine bitcoin?
Bitcoin and the ghost of Weimar
So please tell why people would buy a Bitcoin ETF instead of the real coin?
OOH YEAH
Old article when Bitcoin was at $10,000 What To Do When The Market is Rising Like Crazy
I'm selling all of my bitcoin
Lawyer Files Class Action Complaint to Stop Argentinean Central Bank from Collecting Crypto Users Data
Coinbase Earnings: Some Less Obvious Takeaways
Riot Acquires Whinstone With Intent On Operating North America’s Largest Bitcoin Mining Facility
cryptocurrency( Legendary Finance) 15% Discount !!!
Question about MyCryptoMixer
XRP price today, XRP live marketcap, chart, and info | CoinMarketCap
Unhedged Shorts
Question about MyCryptoMixer
Trying to Demystify Theft Cases - Blockchain.com (Wallet Service)
Fidelity’s Tom Jessop on bitcoin's adoption: ‘We’ve reached a tipping point’
Peter Thiel: China Using Bitcoin as a ‘Financial Weapon’
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Orange-Pilled at 19, Why Bitcoin is So Important w/ Dylan LeClair
Market Wrap: Bitcoin Drops to Near $56K as Spot Trading Volume Remains Low - CoinDesk
Never sell your bitcoin!
Interesting Thursday about the North Bitcoin Mining facility!
All the technology that makes Bitcoin possible
PLEASE SUBSCRIBE!
Hi! What would you think about that stuff?
HINDENBURG WANTS TO LOSE MONEY - BUY EBANG
BridgeOracleSystem
Not received transaction from coincloud ATM
Bitcoin: The Good, The Bad and the Ugly.
Hey guys I just started investing in crypto currency an an wondering?..
Is Cake Wallet legit/safe?
NYDIG Raises $100 Million, Details Bitcoin-Powered Insurance Strategy
How Grayscale Bitcoin Trust at a discount could change everything for BTC
Anyone recommend CEX.IO..??
Pomp PERFECTLY Explains Peter Thiel's "Chinese Financial Weapon" Comments | April 8th
Exchanges - Bitcoin
The #FYouMoney! Show is back! Episode 22 contains a bonus in the end for those wanting to understand risk &amp; positioning management. Check it out here😎👇🎬🎥
Coinbase Earnings: Some Less Obvious Takeaways
Wondering What Is Stacks
Beware of the FUD-spreaders everyone. I had no idea that people still believe this argument.
I ll be back very soon Btc said
Is crypto tab browser legit?
No Bullsh!t ‼️
No Bullsh!t Tap In ✅
‼️
BITCOIN LIGHTNING NETWORK: CRYPTOCURRENCY COULD FINALLY BECOME DAY-TO-DAY CURRENCY AS NETWORK DOUBLES
IFoundCryptos
I need help
Big Dawg status
Riot Acquires Whinstone With Intent On Operating North America’s Largest Bitcoin Mining Facility
A redditor who thinks it's smart to pass on bitcoin
Ether value takes on Bitcoin — What’s behind the sharp ascent popular?
Investment
my husband buy bitcoins of $200 today but didn't get to the address..
If us Redditors are crowdfunding "The Bitcoin Movie"....what content do we include and which hot actresses are we casting?
Bitcoin mining: China clamps down on booming trade where some can earn £60,000 a day
Most people still don't understand Bitcoin
xxx
I hope Bitcoin tanks again
Interesting r/agedlikemilk post about Bitcoin on the front page.
This is hard to believe
Bitcoin going mainstream!!!
US Regulator Accuses Lbry Project of Selling Unregistered Securities, CEO Denies Charges
Caruso To Accept Rent In BTC, Allocate Portion Of Treasury To BTC
Change my mind
Running Bitcoin — I made this sculpture to commemorate Hal Finney's 65th birthday
Have you heard of bitcoin? There are over 8,000 crypto currencies in the market learn how to make money daily with crypto...
Second Oldest American Bank Building Bitcoin Trading Platform
Investing in bitcoin
when Bitcoin private key has been found
Southampton FC, of the English Premier League, agree landmark sponsorship deal which could see the club paid in Bitcoin for performance related bonuses. Massive news!
Can someone explain why bitcoin hasn't gone up the last few weeks?
How to flip a Bitcoin
What will happen to alt coins when the bitcoin bull run ends near the end of the year?
To the moon 🚀🚀
To the moon 🚀🚀
For those people who say Bitcoin is pollution, it is not as if they don't drive cars, or don't eat meat, or don't buy non-life-supporting products. If you want to stick to fiat just say it and stop being such hyprocrites, seriously.
Where do Michael Saylor, Willy Woo, Tesla &amp; other whales store their BTC?
Bitcoin Price (BTC/USD): BTC Live Chart, News &amp; Analysis
Programming bitcoin from scratch in Python
NYDIG Raises $100 Million, Details Bitcoin-Powered Insurance Strategy
This is the newest project of him?
Whales, sharks and dolphins stats
Bitcorn
Free Bitcoin
2 Turth Combined, then we have 100% certainty - After the 4th halving in 2024 Bitcoin will become $1m or more before 2025 end
Can someone please explain how to make sense of this table (23rd April)
Old Blockchain Wallet
Actual conversation, "but Bitcoin isn't real."
How much Bitcoin does a person living in 1st tier city need to achieve financial freedom?
NYDIG Raises USD 100M, Meitu Buys More BTC, Crypto Climate Accord + More News
The best of the best
Join to mine for free bitcoin
The delusion of some of the alt coins subs in unreal. Guess we should sell our btc for Enjin lol
Hypothetical: what happens if governments start banning conversion between BTC and fiat?
Figured I would try this because anything is possible. Would anybody be willing and able to spare 1 bitcoin? All I would need is 1. If you can my address is: bc1q0x9aelxj76zpu20mgv3r24r6rlur6stkgfs0xx
Why I'm all in on bitcoin
If there were no sh1tcoin, btc may hit 120K 2day
Pay for Amazon with Bitcoin - possible, though not directly
Split lightning payments in action. This will me debuted tomorrow (Fri) night 6:30pm PDT via a livestream DJ set at the U.S. Mint in San Francisco
Buying Bitcoin Now Is Investing Today in a Better Tomorrow
If someone could send me 6$ to my btc adress I’ll PayPal u 6$ I just don’t own a Bitcoin account
Split lightning payments in action. This will me debuted tomorrow (Fri) night 6:30pm via DJ set at the U.S. Mint in San Francisco
SEC likely to approve Bitcoin ETF in 1-2 years, says analyst
Caruso To Accept Rent In BTC, Allocate Portion Of Treasury To BTC
My bitcoin analysis
Whats up with block 678336?
What's the difference between the Bitcoin Lightning Network &amp; Blockstream's Liquid Network? [Bitcoin Basics Podcast]
Discussion of Thiel’s comments by a former classmate and employee
Cryptocurrencys using programming
Btc can up 120K if there arent shitcoins
OMG BTC
Buying some coins
Help
Real Estate Billionaire Buys Bitcoin, Accepts BTC for Rent Payment at His Residential and Retail Properties
I have a question
Bitcoin Network Status Update Thursday, April 08, 2021
The amount of times "Bitcoin" was mentioned in a companies earnings reports
State Street Collaborates With Pure Digital to Launch Cryptocurrency Trading Platform
Square Crypto Grants $100,000 To Mempool.Space
Stock-To-Flow Creator: Bitcoin Cycle “Nowhere Near The Top” - BTCNN
We r searching project to promote for payment
NFTs Show the Value of Owning the Unownable | The complexity and arbitrariness of non-fungible tokens are a big part of their appeal.
Anything south of 60K is a bargain, eventually.
Just starting
Educating my children one custom Oreo at a time!
Bitcoin 300%
Is Bitcoin a progress in the economic world?
Deflation equilibrium
Quantum computers and encryption
The Problem with Fiat Money and Central Banks that Bitcoin Fixes
24-year-old boy applies Bitcoin scam and steals $90 million
There are only 235,537 satoshi per person on the planet. Today you'll get 1733 satoshis for only one dollar. Think about it.
Rick Caruso Partners With Gemini To Accept Bitcoin For Rent Payments, More
Dagger Pair 3 | Corrupted Dungeons | Albion Online | Giveaway
Anyone else get this scammy message?
Bitcoin Reaching a 'Tipping Point': Fidelity Digital Assets Head
Bitcoin Supply and Demand
Square Crypto Grants $100,000 To Mempool.Space
Don’t trust Clearsave! It claims to be a regulated broker but it’s actually not. The platform is owned by a company called mg capital which is not even on the web. https://mgcapitalscam.com/
MicroStrategy's 2021 Bitcoin Purchase History
Don't forget, Coinbase shares are not finite. Only Bitcoin is.
I'm seeing a few of these ghost blocks in the past days. How often does this occur? Is it possible that some mining pool has found a way to withhold their finding of a hash to print more btc without mining transactions?
If You Have Problem With Your Coin Low Rate, Message Below And Let Me Help You With Increase Of your Coin💯💯✅
Bitcoin doesn’t weaken the dollar; the dollar strengthens Bitcoin.
What is the best way to receive crypto (Bitcoin) without revealing your holdings or past transactions?
Being polite to sh*itcoins
Can over-trading kill Bitcoin?
Low fee trading platform?
So, this just happened. Awkward...
You can now do a submarine swap between Lightning BTC and Vertcoin.
US Dollar vs Cryptocurrency
Loose crypto change
WATCH OUT -- IRS Is Hunting Down Kraken and Circle Customer Information...
I did a montage of me designing a 3D printed Bitcoin
I need money to pay my university fees
Its that simple bro
END DAY
NBA Sacramento Kings to offer bitcoin pay option to players
$SKL will bring the koalas safe to the moon 🐨🚀
Bitcoin Safety: a book about protecting yourself from phishing, scams and theft of your coins is out!
Is Coin Farm legit?
Is it really worth it to buy Bitcoin if you only have $10 available?
For PayPal co-founder, Bitcoin can be a Chinese financial weapon
Scaling Bitcoin With The Erlay Protocol
One of the best gifts i have ever gotten.
Here a simple and short explanation of how Bitcoin works. I'm offering $25 in BTC to anyone who finds a factual mistake.
no withdrawal fee exchange EU
Xem 1 /5 /21/ OOHS ⤴️
Coinbase ipo
What's the Top 'FUD' arguments that you hear against Bitcoin over the years? I made a video explaining the Top 6 recycled FUD that I've heard over the years!
Blockware Mining alternatives
$ 2 trillion market capitalization bitcoin - $ 2 trillion infrastructure plan from Biden - coincidence?
This is the newest project of him?
Tether coin
free bitcoin mining
Bitcoin pump coming soon?
Sovryn, the leading DeFi for Bitcoin trading platform, is launching SOV token trading on Tuesday 13th April 2021. live.sovryn.app
Bitcoin (BTC) investor MicroStrategy blacklisted!
BNB Deposit have not made to Binance.US Wallet for almost a week
MicroStrategy Performance since the start of its Bitcoin treasury program: $MSTR +412% $BTC +411% $NASDAQ +26.5%
Volatility Is Crypto’s Best Friend
Who Michael Saylor Was BEFORE Bitcoin
Piper Sandler Survey Shows 9% of American Teens Have Traded Cryptocurrency
Bitcoin Surge Has Kraken Considering Direct Listing
Merchant Token ICO - DEFI PROJECT - Phase 39 of 100
Fun Game to teach Blockchain to People with Zero Background
Blockchain and Google Docs? Actually, they're not that much different! Give it a read
It pays to suck at Starcraft
Help retrieving some stuff?
Putin's coming for your Bitcoins
Alleged Paxful KYC database for sale
Bitcoin Privacy - all hodlers should read this.
Its happening! Saylor vs Giustra on 21th this month
SLAM DUNK WIN FOR SEC VS XCRAP
The script
"Free" rewards at exchanges
Purchased a Hardwallet on Amazon. Should I be worried?
Just discovered on-chain analysis...
Confused (Mining)
Will you be prepared for BTC?
Aperture, a YouTuber with over 1 million subs, published a great video about Bitcoin to the masses just minutes ago
Is there a kimchi effect in other countries?
Is there a way to loan out your Bitcoin?
Real world
Bitcoin atms disappeared in Portugal : coinatmradar
thebitcoinmachine.com machine exchange rates inflated by 35 %
cryptocurrency( Legendary Finance) 15% Discount!!
Well since we're sharing experiences with Scammers, this one was fun.
Robinhood Saw Cryptocurrency Trading Spike To 9.5 Million Customers In Q1
The Art Of The HODL
Is there a Ledn.io community? I noticed their subreddit is set to private.
The 1% is after all you have and bitcoin is the only exponential asset that will help you survive this. Watch this video to understand it, you won't regret it
Getting my node up and running!
Buying bitcoin using gift card
Bitcoin under carpet!
BITCOIN | Permissionless, Borderless, Censorship-Resistant - Unstoppable
Any women who got rich with bitcoin?
Trust investing win bitcoins faster, join soon
Bitflexcrypto? Is it legit?
My profit-taking/investment protection strategy: stop-loss orders set to 80% of the current price for positions which will see profit, let the rest ride through the bear market. Thoughts?
OMcoin utilizes the TRON network
evenorodd.online
Is anyone else having deposit pending issues with Coinbase? They appear to be holding deposits as free money for days and weeks.
Opinions?
Btc unconfirmed
I officially launched my project, a spanish Bitcoin resource website and community to welcome newcomers and veterans :-). Everybody welcome 🙏
Chinese Tech Firm Meitu Buys 175 Bitcoin, Treasury Now Holds $100 Million Worth in BTC and ETH
The #FYouMoney! Show is back with episode 23! Let's talk #Bitcoin #BTC and live stream! Check it out here👇
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 03 April 2021 Liveshow
Ripple CTO Hints at XRP Ledger Upgrades to Enable an NFT Strategy
Seeing some recent scammer posts, I was reminded of this recent interaction with a fake Jimmy Song account. Beware of following fake Twitter accounts (check the ID carefully)
Willy Woo: This is the first of the double tops this cycle. Volatility is noticeably less this cycle.
SEC case against XRP should be a slam dunk WIN
[Bitcoin Fixes This] Cops Seize $40K from Man Going to Buy Truck | April 9th
"When we win, do not forget that these people want you broke, dead, your kids raped and brainwashed, and they think it's funny" - A Wise Man.
how to withdraw money in another countries
Bitcoin vs. Gold: Which Should You Invest in Now?
OMcoin utilizes the TRON network
Private bitcoin supplier, sounds legit /s. Anyway to auto block these disgusting scammers?
go fund me
Free Bitcoin Mining Websites To Earn 1 BTC l Highest Paying Websites 2021
Beginners guide to Bitcoin Chart Analysis
Get on everyone, we are going to the moon! 🚀
[Coinbase] $10 in Bitcoin for Joining + $40 in Altcoins
AMERICAN BYBIT TRADERS - How Is it Legal?
A Real Estate Company Owned by a CA Billionaire Will Start Accepting Bitcoin Rent Payments
I just became a Satoshi millonaire!!! 🚀👩‍🚀🌕
For those looking to manage their Bitcoin with a Trezor
Bitcoin Audible: Guy's Take #44 - Bitcoin is Not What you Think it is
Bitcoin ETF Approval Will Happen: Morgan Creek’s Mark Yusko
How will the Coinbase IPO affect the price of bitcoin, if at all?
Executive Summary: Why Every Fixed Income Investor Needs To Own Bitcoin As Portfolio Insurance
[Image] Think big. Trust yourself, and Make it happen.
Made my first NFT as an experiment, offering this NFT including the physical pair of shoes!
There Are Two Kinds of People Losing Money With Bitcoin: Impatients and Non-Believers
I Found a Way to get Free Bitcoin, no joke, Its free and Bitcoin is $58,000, now Heading up, all u do is mine Bitcoin on your cell or Computer, (CLICK 1 BUTTON) and make free money !! I made $767.00 so far in a week, Heres the Link, https://minebitcoins.co/
Daily Bitcoin News April 8th 2021
Will we really reach $100,000, who to trust?
Bitcoin is going mainstream
YouTube ads are telling me to buy shiny rock...
Bitcoin Soap / Best CRYPTO Gift / Infused with Organic | Etsy
Why is Halving every 4years?
Bitcoin has proven itself to do what it was created for
Bitrefill and HangarSix team up for more Call of Duty Warzone tournaments! Play and earn sats this weekend! ⚡🔫
Congrats to u/Substantial-Ad-5012 who got CoinTelegraph to write a whole ass article about the “Bitcoin Going to Zero” post. Legend
I did not buy my Bitcoins - how will the IRS ever know? Am I crazy?
April Historically Bullish
Merchant Token ICO - DEFI PROJECT - Phase 39 of 100
BTC Under Less Selling Pressure
Hey can you please consider donating to our track team here at Brookville. Covid has cancelled most of our prior fundraisers so any donation would be appreciated! You'll get a membership w/discounts for online shopping @ major retailers for helping our team
Has anyone created a Tesla (car) price chart priced in ₿itcoin?
Bitcoin earning Strategy
Tesla Btc giveaway
Earn Omcoins
Blockspace of empty blocks
People who invest in dogecoin(roast)
What to consider when just getting started in trading
Get more
Let’s blacklist HSBC
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, April 09, 2021
Hypothetical Mining Question
NYDIG Brings Bitcoin to $6 Trillion Global Insurance Industry — Partners With Starr, Liberty Mutual, New York Life
EVERYTHING you need to know about Bitcoin and TAXES ... (U.S.)
🔶 BetFury Airdrop 🔶 🔸🚰 Claim Free $BTC $ETH $BNB every 20 min.🔸 🌐 Login your $TRX , $ETH &amp; $BSC Wallet! 🌐 Deposits/Withdrawals 🌐 Playing any games! 🌐 Mining $BFG ( $TRX &amp; $BTC ) 🌐 Staking payouts
LOL
Scaling Bitcoin With The Erlay Protocol - The Van Wirdum Sjorsnado 34 - Bitcoin Magazine
People were talking about the first disruptor in the meditation industry today, wanna know what it is? Omcoin is the one.
Market price of Omcoin? It will surely hit the moon.
How to purchase Omcoin? Do some research now.
Meditation is one way of relaxing yourself, how much more if you're meditating while earning. That’s double relaxation and only Omcoin can do that.
Bitcoin debt card and taxes
A company that will definitely pay crypto while listening to meditation sounds truly exists and that is Omcoin.
Anyone have an opinion about GBTC rebalancing the fund and adding Chainlink? I am new to bitcoin thanks
Bitconly.com - Bitcoin Casino Sites
Free 200$ Amazon Gift Card
China Could Use Bitcoin as a Weapon Against the US, - could cause Bitcoin to jump 1000 percent
¿Is BitcoinCash the future big thing?
Check it absolutely
I heard bitcoin is popular. What is the reason?
Settlement Is Most Likely Outcome in Ripple vs. SEC Case - Attorney
Mello coin Whitebit listing
The Tragic Struggle of Telling your Friends to Buy Bitcoin (2011-2021)
I bought my first bitcoin $965!!!
The US Fed no longer publishes the weekly M2 numbers, and instead will only publish monthly average M2 (most liquid money supply: cash, checking deposits, cash convertibles).
bitcoin never die 🚀
EMERGENCY *need advice* How fast can I turn bitcoin into US dollars in the event of an emergency?
Fed’s Kashkari says he would not panic if he saw a 4% inflation rate
price hypothesis
Faucet Crypto
Bitcoin es Dinero Privado
Not your keys, not your coins.
Metcalf's Law Says Bitcoin $72K Now, S2F Says Over $100K This Year | Bitcoin Is "Eating Gold"
BTC Bitcoin Live BTC Live Bitcoin News Today and Price Prediction [April...
The US Fed no longer publishes the weekly M2 numbers, and instead will only publish monthly average M2 (most liquid money supply: cash, checking deposits, cash convertibles).
YOUR Bitcoin Story - the most liked story gets $30 Bitcoin from me
Peter Thiel: China could use bitcoin as a 'financial weapon against the US'
Pension fund investments
"Whatever, princess."
Future of consumer blockchain products!
Bitcoin
Bitcoin
Like Fortnite? You can earn Bitcoin by playing ‘Lightnite’ instead!
Cannot be trusted. I tried to look up mg capital online https://mgcapitalscam.com/ but it looks like it doesn’t have a website which is kind of shady. If you guys don’t know yet, mg capital operates clearsave.io which is a broker that has been called a “scam” by many people.
Riot to Acquire Whinstone, Creating a US- Based Industry Leader in Bitcoin Mining: US-based Bitcoin miner with owner and operator of America’s largest Bitcoin hosting facility will create leading US-based corporate pillar in support of the Bitcoin mining network
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Waiting Love' before its swooped up! Please check it :)
Good API for simulating algorithmic trading?
฿ride to be
Taxes on BTC received as a gift?
Someone has transferred ~$1 billion from a bitcoin wallet quiet since 2015 | Ars Technica
get scammed cause of google ads
how to earn dogecoin easy - كيف تربح المال من الانترنيت بسهولة
ONE simple thing we can all do to accelerate global Bitcoin mass adoption.
Advice on Exchange for DCA in Europe.
What dictates Bitcoin price
Bitcoin never die... 🚀
BITCOLOAN
I created an app for getting cryptocurrencies ticker and trade data in real time from multiple exchanges
Every bitcoin bull run is like another block confirmation
🔸🚰 Claim Free $BTC $ETH $BNB every 20 min.🔸 🚦 Join now : https://betfury.io/?r= 🌐 Login your $TRX , $ETH &amp; $BSC Wallet! 🌐 Deposits/Withdrawals 🌐 Playing any games! 🌐 Mining $BFG ( $TRX &amp; $BTC ) 🌐 Staking payouts
What is Bitcoin​? - A very deep and philosophical answer
The Most Viewed Crypto Videos: Ethereum Captured More Views on Youtube in 12 Months Than Bitcoin
Free TON DeFi Alliance to Lead the Decentralized Finance Ecosystem Growth of TON Blockchain
Colleague was just explaining to me about the "market price" and "market cap" of Bitcoin...and why this makes the "HODL Strategy" magic collectively for all hodlers
Holycowwwwwwww
Bitcoin taxes
Do you guys think we will see btc dip below 50k?
The Law of Difusion of Innovation
Perianne Boring: Bitcoin (BTC) could reach record highs this year
BITCOLOAN
Keynote: Retail Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC)
How Bitcoin Fixes me ( not by me :) )
NFT Uquid - Bring NFT closer to everyday life.
Naming the fractions of BTC
How to limit my Bitcoin node bandwidth usage?
Crazy how little morals these scammers have
What are your thoughts on Theta? Do you believe it will be the next biggest hit amongst the rest of the Altcoins?
Intraday Market View (for 09/04/21 Friday)
Michael Saylor's Strategy to Retire Off of Bitcoin (Without selling any!)
A different way to view your Bitcoin balance
Stupid mistake in my 401k
2.1 Quadrillion
Bitcoin transaction not confirmed
Crypto Crowdfunding
There is only one way out of hyperinflation, and that way is through hyperbitcoinization and continued ignorance of Bitcoin is proving to be expensive.
Two accounts on Blockfi?
do you think it's possible to break 60 in 3 days?
Bitcoin evolution software working check it out
Point and Figure Charting Predicting 68K
VAR Finance - Decentralized passive income token
Why is my transaction still not confirmed? It's been more than 12 hours. What's going on?
COVID Lockdowns: One Year On with Zuby — What Bitcoin Did
best future cryptocurrency any idea
How is the transaction stored on every node?
BITCOIN HOJE | 4 FORMAS PARA COMEÇAR A INVESTIR HOJE 1 GRÁTIS | BITCOIN ...
Let the fun begin!!
Are you interested in/Binary/ forex option Trade(trading in binary and bitcion mining
3 Latest Blockchain and Crypto-Related Announcements That You Should Know
Discussion .....predicted date for ...
Swedish Central Bank Releases the First Study About Its CBDC E-Krona Pilot
The backstage of our hedge fund talks 🔥🎯🤝 #trading #stocks #investing #forex#crypto #money #financialfreedom #profit#opportunity #success #workfromhome#thomaskralow #dubai #luxurylifestyle
Let’s go
The electricity spent on bitcoin mining in China will be more than the total electricity consumption in Italy and Saudi Arabia
Bitcoin Selling Pressure is Declining, Hints Key Glassnode Indicator
Binancial Scam?
BITCOIN IS ABOUT TO MAKE ITS NEXT MOVE TO .................................
Cryptocurrency Blowing up “Giving is Caring”
bitFUG Giveaway Scam
Wallet suggestions
Purchasing Power of the U.S. Dollar Over Time
Kanye West, Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates tipped to be next big names in Bitcoin
[Uphold] Not listed
$20,000
Reasons why Bitcoin can see or surpass its All-time high soon
Bitcoin ATMs Are Growing Rapidly In Cryptocurrency-Friendly Regions
Bitcoin ATM question...
Does anyone know whether or not Bitcoin ATMs require KYC when buying or selling BTC?
Why Bitcoin Could Rocket To $400,000 In 2021
Do Bitcoin ATMs require KYC when buying or selling BTC?
Borrowing against bitcoin?
Scam?
Bitcoin Rising - my first NFT on Opensea
Looks like bitcoin wants to go higher...
Meltem Gives An Update on The Bitcoin Market Landscape - Coinbase, Gold &amp; More - April 7th 2021
Confused about binance
The Latest: Rose the exception on a tough day at the Masters
DMX’s Hasn’t Regained Brain Function: Life Support Decision Impending
DMX’s manager confirms rapper still on life support in Instagram video
GENERATE FREE BITCOIN
BATs earning by Brave
Forget alts, Bitcoin is about to squirt a Moonshot (see graph from my paid for subscription here)
BITCOIN TO THE MOON 🚀🌗
Bitcoin Changed My Life ... And Not In The Way You Think
The Second Edition of NFT Awards Announced, Intense Competition Expected
Isn’t this just sad.
Any legit sites or apps that create QR codes out of BTC addresses?
I heard you may like shitposts. Here is one featuring my new laptop.
So BTC ATMs require the user to complete KYC for buying or selling BTC?
Wtf
How to buy VAR Finance on PancakeSwap
What is Ethereum
Bitcoin mining in China will exceed energy consumption of 181 countries by 2024, study warns
Westminster Security | You might have missed this security company accepting cryptocurrency in London, United Kingdom
África, governos e blockchain
Let's brainstorm the Integral.link approach to making better AMM DEX, weak and strong sides.
This is the newest project of him?
U.S. Spy Agencies Warn of Threats From Digital Currency to AI
I'm seeing a lot of positive news coming from the mainstream media this week. Does that mean someone wants to dump a shitload of crypto on the market real soon?
Just woke up from surgery
Tick tock tick tock
BTC ATH party livestream (link to follow)
A lot of work bro
What happens to the money printer, when people lose interest in bonds in favour of Bitcoin?
Anyone here from New Zealand
Where can I find the charts of the bitcoin bull run from 2017? I when I scroll back on tradingview it only goes back to 2018
Who Else Thinks That China Could Use Bitcoin To Fight the Global Hegemony of the U.S. Dollar?
Im finding some one to trade coins with me
BITCOIN INVESTMENT
Cold wallet for day trading
Before you buy a shitcoin, think about this...
Why would you ever sell?
How do we "rent" bitcoin?
Opening Lightning Network (LN) channels before network congestion
Fun DOGE vs Bitcoin debate on Facebook.
Tesla for Crypto. Win a Tesla Model Y for just $1,000.
Riot Blockchain Acquires Bitcoin Mining Facility in Texas
Paypal Cofounder Peter Thiel Thinks China Is Using Bitcoin as Financial Weapon Against the US
24k Art also owned by Obama &amp; Madonna! For sale! $100,000. Bitcoin Only.
trib.al/qPGk45x
Earn Bitcoin by searching the internet
Bitcoin crash 2017 TRUE STORY
Aw listen to the cat
LOFT: the new approach to trading
Any good bitcoin us casinos recommendations
Would it be realistic for 1 satoshi = $1?
I read an article on LiveMint - Bitcoin $400,000 by the end of 2021 - True?
Why I love CNBC bitcoin bears
Made in Dreams (PS4)
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
END DAY
What’s your exit strategy?
Thoughts on Coinbase Stock as opposed to just stacking more sats?
Bitcoin is not a currrency.
How is bitcoin8m created and why it won’t cause a hard fork."I read several articles on Bitcoin8m and still didn't realize it wasn't a hard fork. However, after reading this post, everything is clear. #Bitcoinblocksizematters"
Bitcoin Tsunami
South Korean City Goes to War with Tax Evaders, Will Seize their Crypto
Why is this Bitcoin bull run different?
END DAY
I'm the kind of person who loses wallets so I should stick to a bitcoin ETFs which one is best?
App for alerts on bitcoin price by percentage?
Student loan debt
NFT: what is it? how does it work?
"China probably already knows how to crack, decrypt bitcoin so it can be disrupted there," . Hahahahaha
Bitcoin mining
How many people are playing bitcoin?
Bitcoinmining Mechanical section
I love my little satoshi though.
Predictions from A. Karlin &amp; Why We Should Pay Attention.
Coinbase IPO - 4/14/2021 - Meme
What is the name of the human reputation based payment network that predates cryptos
Taproot ST Merged
BTC Family: Late adopter edition
BTC is now cafe talk
Genesis Block - Digital banking powered by crypto - get 1% Bitcoin back rewards on all spending
Where can i get a bitcoin wallet?
Just got an email saying I signed up for hiBTC. I have never tried to buy Bitcoin before, what should I do?
Is mining still profitable in 2021
GregZaj ☣ @gregzaj1 · Apr 13 This is how #Bitcoin creates new plebs. That first bull run changes you. Remember, Class of 2021, not your keys, not your coins.
Bitcoloan = Financial Freedom
Former South Korean Social Media Giant in Talks ‘With Major Gaming Companies’ to Implement Its Crypto
Like it or not, you should probably start paying attention to bitcoin
Taproot activation method "Speedy Trial" gets merged into Bitcoin core
Looking for high reward DeFi GEM? CryptoSwap Finance - Token sale - Products launch in May! New Crypto GEM! Possible high reward.
I finally found the meaning in life!
Why is Dogecoin surging today?
Will I lose profit selling my gains to buy stock?
Will I lose profit selling my gains to buy other Crypto?
Investment
Why Should You Invest Bitcoin in Futures Over Crypto Spot?
What would you buy if you gained 1 Mio USD in BTC
Bitcoin and the New Economy – Fed Chair Jerome Powell
Is Bitcoin's heyday behind us?
Is there any reason to invest in non-BTC cryptos, or is it better to just go all in on BTC?
Voltaire's Law and the ongoing boxing match between fiat and bitcoin
Eventually when Bitcoin hits 1 million dollar a coin. Does that make me a self made millionaire?
Looking for help with something I believe is an old recovery phrase/key. Any help is appreciated.
For parents
HELP
So Satoshi is the richest person in the world by now right?
Is mining still worth it?
S Korean MPs Seek to Ban Crypto Felons from Returning to the Industry
Will Bitcoin allow for true price discovery of stocks and real estate in the future?
Distribution of Wealth
Cryptowinter
My cousin responding to me begging him to buy Bitcoin at $4,900. Fuck my family who wants so adopt me.
Can USA Federal Government stop/ban BITCOIN and/or any crypto currency?
E-Notário e blockchain
Gary Gensler becomes the new sec helmsman head honcho chief captain big cheese of the crypo regulators
Buy and hold for $69,420 for 4/20
Lightning Junkies: Lightning Network for BlockHeads - Jolt02
If you follow Peter or Spencer Schiff on Twitter please like this tweet. I’m trying to get Spencer to send me a pic so I can do an epic mural of him and his dad.
Every1 buy more bitcoin so we have a good shot at $69k on 4/20
Why is it so hard to find a site I can buy btc off of instead of just haveing to do it peer to peer.
Coinbase's new commercial, HODL ON
Best nfc card style hardware wallet?
Investors File Class Action Lawsuit Before the National Court of Spain Over an Alleged $298M Crypto Scam
Serious question. Suppose Biden were to adopt BitCoin as the national currency. How would he be able to spend 4 trillion in Bitcoins? The final idea is to stop government spending(Aggregate Demand) in times of crisis and make them worst?
They say Bitcoin is a Ponzi Scheme - least we forget ...
Like it or not, you should probably start paying attention to bitcoin
And they said inflation is not a thing right? The inflation Genie can’t be put back in its bottle once it’s out. NBC News today: Get ready for higher grocery bills for the rest of the year
Lost on how to get mBTC from NiceHash to wallet then selling it
finished this “🚀 to the moon” pendant just in time
Never mind then
Bitcoin instant withdraw
Another "found an old seed" thread
‘We’re just getting started’ — Novogratz says bitcoin value only a fraction of global wealth
If Bitcoin doesn't hit 69k by 4/20/20, I'm going to be sad.
Biden
No, Bitcoin is not a good investment
Country of Bitcoin
Are Alt Seasons slowing Bitcoin's rise?
Buy bitcoin as a minor?
E-Notário blockchain
Bitcoin Reaction to Coinbase IPO - Coinbase Initial Public Offering Reaction
Best crypto to invest right now? Check this great review! Bullish project with products launch in May. Don't miss this chance to invest!
Bitcoin Audible: Read_516 - Conclusion of the Long-Term Debt Cycle [Dylan Leclair]
Need verification of this as valid, does anyone know what the real email is of Blockchain Support Team?
Looking for help from fellow cryptomates to go to college
hi ..?
Madoff dies on same day Bitcoin hits a new ATH. An interesting coincidence.
Wallstreetbets
Tiny asset class is turning $100 into as much as $27,144
Is Bitcoin fungibility in threat?
Whats the most trusted wallet that someone can use if their under 18?
US President Biden Pushes for More Stimulus, One Million ‘Plus-up’ Payments Go out This Week
Buy, Sell, or Hold what should one do?
U.S. Congressman Kevin McCarthy Condemns Regulators for Ignoring Bitcoin
Lightning Network for BlockHeads - A podcast episode dedicated to getting onboarded onto Bitcoin Lightning.
Bitcoin keeps hitting all time highs. Why you shouldn't care.
Crypto.com is a scam
Anyone having withdrawal Issues with Coinsquare?
QLUE can forensically track stolen bitcoin across the blockchain. When the coins move to an endpoint (an exchange) and are attempted to be withdrawn for FIAT they then can issue a subpoena and request the exchange to freeze the bitcoins and return them to their rightful owner. Mind blown.
ARM mineable PoW inflationary cryptocurrency is the end all be all of crypto and finance.
WallStreetBets Reddit Group Opens Up to Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dogecoin
The failed Coinbase direct offering will put pressure on Bitcoin.
Has anyone seen this anywhere? Is Fidelity really using this to show possible future growth?
Looks possibly completely legitimate.
Should I use Gemini instead of Coinbase?
Bitcoin
Bitcoin machine in Miami has to be illegal? You can sell bitcoin for $57k and buy it for $69k.
BENQI Closes $6M Round to Create Algorithmic Liquidity Market on Avalanche
If anyone tries to prevent Bitcoin from hitting $69K on 4/20, they are a terrible human being
15 year old that's interested in bitcoin here, my country due to an economic crisis isn't allowing transfers of money out of the country, but I have 50€ that I want to buy bitcoin with. Is there any way I can do that?
Mining at home
Coinbase gifted $25,000 in stocks to all 1700 employees ahead of IPO - Digest Time
Former CIA Acting Director Praises Bitcoin Technology as ‘Boon for Surveillance’
Come mine Bitcoin with me😉
Is FlexStarCoin a good site?
Boyfriend put all our savings into BTC
ColdCard Corrupted Wallet File and Restore
Mobile wallets
Bitcoin Miners Might Solve Ukraine’s Energy Spending Woes
For this who were here in Dec 2017, what was the price projection by the bulls?
Merchant Token (MTO) ICO Going Fast
Reflecting on the illusion of ATH
MTO Merchant Token ICO
Did you know that you can buy Puts &amp; Calls on Bitcoin? If you're new to those advanced strategies, I made an explainer for you!
What app/platform do you use?
Dexus Art was created by a dedicated team of artists to promote digital transformation of the art market and artists’ practices.
Covid Öncesi Alışkanlıklarımız Değişti mi?
[QUESTION] How would BTC react in a "2008" style financial crisis?
Highest potential DeFi project for 2021? Check CryptoSwap Finance - products launch in may 2021. Possible 50x short-term.
Might or might not have done a bit of guerrilla advertising..
SPRT: Cheapest Bitcoin play out there!
Staked Wallet
Buying Bitcoin with Business in US
Raoul Pal - THIS IS WHERE BITCOIN TOP THIS CYCLE!
Sent Tether to a Bitcoin Address on a different exchange.
how do i mine bitcoin?
Crypto research
Crypto Wallet
I am seeking some advice regarding BTC
What if the World Has Changed.. Again?
This Is What Gensler’s Confirmation Could Mean For XRP
Hi Guys. Please check out my first art auction. It is very 2021.
Bitcoin Taking out Resistance Levels on the way to $69,420
KANGAL
New coin Ant Coin
Is there any direct Fiat-Bitcoin gateway out there?
Maybe I’m stupid but this is what RobinHood hooked me up with.
This is the newest project of him?
Mine Bitcoin only using a browser!
Daily Bitcoin News April 13th, 2021
Swissbank BTC
Almost 24 hours and 0 confirmations.
WTF! $7.5 Billion In Stolen Bitcoin from the 2016 Bitfinex Hack has just been moved for the first time in 5 years.
🤝 Largest DeFi ICO of 2021 • LAST CHANCE TO GET IN EARLY • INSANE POTENTIAL 😱😱 THIS BRINGS CRYPTO TO MAINSTREAM CONSUMERS • GIANT GLOBAL MARKET (Serious Project – See Whitepaper for Yourself)
Go baby Go
A critic's guide to BitClout, this cycle's most hated Bitcoin project. BitClout has now received over 4100 BTC ($260M) — but for what?
We just surpassed 751,000,000+ Google searches !!
Will there ever be a time like this to invest again?
Highest potential project for 2021? Check CSF - products launch in may 2021. Possible 50x short-term.
Over $750 Million in Bitcoin from the 2016 Bitfinex Hack Moved Today
Bitcoin: The Ultimate Opportunity Cost
Analysis: Jerome Powell On “60 Minutes”
We must make them pay
Goldman Sachs CEO talks about bitcoin's importance
The Saylor Series FULL TRANSCRIPT, Episodes 1-9
Found in Ellsworth Maine
Bitcoin: The Ultimate Opportunity Cost
I am a bitcoin Skeptic, What are Your Reasons Why bitcoin will Be the Future of Fiat Currency?
German Greens receive record donation from Bitcoin millionaire
Apr. 14 Powell Says Cryptocurrencies Are Speculation Vehicles Like Gold / LOL LOL LOL
Would people panic sell if Satoshi started moving bitcoin?
BITCOIN RAISED HELL BUT IS DIPPING SO YOU KNOW WHAT THAT MEANSSS
If a person has $63,000 why would he buy Coinbase instead of one Bitcoin? Bitcoin will outperform Coinbase, big time. Why? Simple....
LedgerX Covered Calls
I’ve fucked up :((
Most terrifying day of my life
Coinbase IPO is a shitcoin.
Wallstreet hates bitcoin but likes coinbase...
Will there be people who reject BTC when this becomes reality?
MCO card
When to invest
Gryphon Raises $14 Million For Zero-Carbon Bitcoin Mining Operation
VanEck Launches ETF Offering Exposure To Bitcoin-Focused Companies
Is anyone already in Miami?
New Zealand will require banks to report their energy and climate impact. If the rest of the world follows suit, I suspect we won’t hear anymore energy FUD about bitcoin again.
cryptocurrency( Legendary Finance) 15% Discount!!
Bitcoin : moins de 1% de transactions illicites selon Elliptic.#bitcoin #blanchissement #france
In.Eurous - sign up and receive $100 per day
13 april
Don't get Greedy, Just Get In!
Kraken CEO Jesse Powell Plans To Go Public, But May Leave America if Over Regulated
Big news day
As we stand at one of the big inflection points of the season it needs to be said
Only 1 year ago
Future of Bitcoin
Gryphon Raises $14 Million For Zero-Carbon Bitcoin Mining Operation
My story
Coinbase valued at close to $100 billion in its Nasdaq debut
&gt;you lived long enough to see crypto get rugpulled by wall street
🌍💧🚰 WELLcoin RELEASING TODAY AT 6:30 EST/10:30 UTC!! 10X+ expected LOCKED LIQUIDITY, LOW MARKET CAP, VERIFIED CONTRACT! (FAIR RELEASE)
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Michael Krieger on Bitcoin 'Pleb' Culture (and lots more)
Illustration: The Coinbase analytics team
Maybe found old bitcoins ?
Satoshi Lives - Schillerkiez, Berlin
Coinbase opens as the biggest exchange in the world in its IPO!
ATH times, to buy or not to buy
I accidentally made a transaction with a 0.00000260 btc transaction fee, am I doomed to have it NEVER be confirmed ?
Which node software to run?
How can I stay anonymous? Please help! (IP, wallet, etc.)
Friend is Selling his Garden House in rural Lam Tsuen Valley (only 30 minutes from HK center) for Bitcoin.
3 Reasons Bitcoin Traders Closely Watch Futures Funding Rate
Gary Gensler Becomes The New President Of The SEC! What Does It Mean For Bitcoin?
I'm useless at bitcoin
How are people to collect a steady income with mining?
Investment frequency
German ARD Telebörse 😎
$ARRR
Looking for high reward DeFi GEM? CryptoSwap Finance - Token sale - Products launch in May! New Crypto GEM! Possible high reward.
Why You Should #DeleteCoinbase​
Brazil’s Central Bank President Expects to Have News on a CBDC ‘Soon’
Bitcoin's Kimchi Premium Bubble: Inflation, Deflation and Consequences
Cathie Wood | Bitcoin a $10 Trillion Opportunity
glkglkglkfhsadfghjklhfasdf
Bitcoin VS Coinbase - The Blocksize War: A History Lesson on Why Coinbase is Bad
Massive BTC movements from the Bitfinex hack in 2016 to multiple wallets including Poloniex
Bitcoin stolen funds from Bitfinex in 2016 gets moved right now
Questions about mining
I sold my bitcoin
GBTC a runaway freight train
Nice.
About fees
Coinbase is trading literally like a shitcoin - pump and dump
Buying BTC at 63k
PEPPATOKEN LIVE
Coinbase Hits $103B Valuation in Landmark Public Listing
Could this be the sign that alludes to new highs?
help with master thesis
Its official, were in a simulation.
Sellers regret
Coinbase trading now, nice
VanEck Launches ETF Offering Exposure To Bitcoin-Focused Companies
I think Coinbase going public is going to really open the floodgates.
¿I won 0.43 BTC?
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.1.7 - bitcoin nodes and self hosting with @futurepaul and @proofofkeags
Coinbase Live on Exchange
Choice influences in cryptocurrencies
Question about Bitcoin blockchain design.
Critics Claim Bitcoin Is A Threat To The Environment... They're Wrong
Goldman Sachs Wants To Go Digital + More News
14+ tips to keep your crypto funds safe
If Indian Government decides to link Crypto to UPI then this will be a big boost.
Conebase listing
How to find out the principal on my investment on Coinbase
Value Creation In Bitcoin
To what extent can Bitcoin or other currencies like it be argued to present a financial system beyond govt. control??
COIN trading.
How can a minor (someone under 18) buy bitcoin?
Whatever you do,make sure you’re trading safely. Insure your coins to avoid the loss a dip causes
Bitcoin to Infinity
Guys thank you so much for watching the live stream of today! 🙏😎 Love you guys! Except for my sister that "gently touched the door bell", all went fine! 🤣
just placed a limit order for coin at 251 at my online brokerage account. Lol if it gets filled, but was surprised I was able to place it.
Nikita Bier on Twitter
Check this one guys!
Is the Blockchain is working extra slowly right now?
Gary Gensler New SEC Chairman
Crypto-friendly Gary Gensler confirmed by Senate to lead the SEC
Coinbase start up story
Anybody else seeing a ton of ads on reddit shilling for gold/silver
Btc Transfer Problems.
Bitcoin streetart next to ATM
What Bitcoin Did w.Simon Dixon, the Co-Founder of BankToTheFuture and Abra CEO Bill Barhydt.
Coinbase LOST market share since last month among US exchanges.
When to buy bitcoin?
Why do people keep saying that it's too late?
Bitcoin’s Kimchi Premium Bubble: Inflation, Deflation and Consequences
America’s Oldest Wine Shop Now Accepts Bitcoin
If someone give you 1 BTC, what would you do?
Deflation versus inflation
Start For Free! [EARN BITCOIN[]
Value Creation In Bitcoin
50 Investment Lessons Learned During The COVID-19 Lockdown
Hello everyone. Do you want some free BITCOINS? If yes, simply click below and START mining bitcoins for free. It is so simple &amp; AMAIZING
I’ve never felt more comfortable buying at the ATH than 64,000.
Not a Coincidence — Weekly ChainPulse Report
Encryption codes
Bitcoin “ not an asset class”
Stacks Launches $4M Accelerator to Fund Tech Teams Building Apps on Bitcoin
Coinbase and Wall Street: A Tale Of Stimulus Checks and The Fruits of HyperInflation.
Why are people putting Bitcoin into a stock ETF, and at the same time putting stocks into token? this is 2008 subprime crisis all over again.
I have some $1.300
Change my mind - daytrading btc on robinhood ..yes robinhood
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, April 14, 2021
Who's in for the tech?
Popular Nightclub E11even Miami Reveals Cryptocurrency Payment Acceptance
Bitcoin Optech #144: Taproot, Bitcoin Core Meetings And More
Coinbase Is Severely Overvalued At 1,500,000 BTC
Coinbase's $100B listing is essentially taking away a potential 10% jump in Bitcoin's $1t market cap
Buy and HOLD.
Looks like the next barrier is $65k
In case anyone was wondering if they missed out and joined bitcoin to late, here is more proof that we are all still early in adopting cryptocurrency
BRINGING KNOWLEDGE TO A FRIEND
FUD reporting. No bubble anywhere but Bitcoin they say. Get over yourself brokers
Proposal: Mnemonic word phrases for receiving addresses
CEXPro
Mnemonic phrase for receiving addresses?
END DAY
Extrapolation of bitcoin prices
To all the Bitcoin Haters.......
Extrapolate bitcoin
Sensible finance is a stealth launched coin. Each transaction has a 10% tax, out of which 5% is distributed to holders and 5% is put into liquidity.
I made a Bitcoin tracking spreadsheet with live crypto price updates, moon math, and a history of your Portfolio and trading performance. Updated Version (13)
AXA Starts Accepting Bitcoin As Payment
RANT: Doge undermines the validity of the Crypto space
TA: Bitcoin Consolidates, Here’s Why BTC Could Surge Above $64K
✳You can't make money without investing money..its not magic... ✳You do not save money when you wanna get more money,you invest... ✳Investing with a professional is the best favour you would do yourself.. As you all have seen,my payout is sure.. ✅MAXIMUM PAYOUT.. ✅GOOD INVESTMENT PLANS. 👍👍
Crazy gains 💎🙌
Remember the guy who hid a 10 BTC paper wallet in his brick wall during a remodel?
My new cash app card, designed by yours truly
China and Bitcoin
Bitcoin-core-based BIP8 | LOT=true Taproot Activation Client. This is what we wanted. Now we have it.
Dogecoin, flipped $250 to $1500. Swap your shitty alt coins for doge we are going to the absolute moon. 💎🙌🚀🌙
First time I see a Bitcoin ad... bullish
How do I use Plaid when my bank requires a text to be sent to my phone.
Dogecoin (sorry but I don't know)
‘Weird Coins Like DOGE and XRP Spike’- Galaxy Digital’s Mike Novogratz Warns of a Crypto Market ‘Washout’
Bitcoin in Stasis as Crypto Bull Mike Novogratz Warns of Market Washout
Dogecoin
[Question] About PlanB S2F
Recover old coins
Bitcoin Analysis - Should you buy and horde or sell now?
To the moon
Dogecoin
CryptoSwap Finance - Token sale - Products launch in May! New Crypto GEM! Possible high reward.
Bitcoin for cigsssss
DOGE TO THE MOON BABY!!!!!
Doing a No FAP challenge. But for Bitcoin
Bitcoin coin split idea?
Bitcoin
sold all my etc for btc at around 30% profit just shoot me in my stupid fucking face
New US sanctions that prohibit transacting with specific Crypto/Digital addresses
This sideways garbage...
ENV Finance, a platform for fundraising environmental projects with cryptocurrencies and get rewarded for it. [new token / ICO till 18th April]
Robinhood does it again ... I'm an idiot for having it
The Global Crypto Market Cap Just Passed the S&amp;P 500
Free money
DOGE Coin on Robinhood
He lives!
I have so much in Bitcoin...
BR will change the DeFi to another level ? Law Mcap, already x15
Robinhood is halting crypto trades
How much BTC is Huarong Asset Management selling?
Check Out My New Referral Link
Bitcoin 🚨
There’s a lot of new comers here an a lot of hype on coins that have no value do your research an look at the fundamentals of ALGO she runs deep in the roots of MIT boys an girls. Already Proof of stake and its unforkable what!? Run don’t walk :)
Will the internet let us down on this important milestone? $69420 on 420
I can confidently say that we are still early. News from Aus.
MultiSig Recovery ?
TXID not showing on blockchain? (help pls)
U.S. Dollar Is Not Collapsing, It’s China That’s Actually Losing: Bloomb...
📱WELCOME TO PAPP🔥
Shitcoins booming, Bitcoin low and slow?
Node Questions
Can we please all pledge to beat the living shit out of Jim Cramer if we ever see him in public?
Latest digital yuan trial is 10x the first. Hong Kong cross border tests start - Ledger Insights
$69,420 is coming
DOGECOIN
Ásia, governos e blockchain
Buy?
World’s Largest Asset Manager Blackrock: Cryptocurrency Could Become a ‘Great Asset Class’
Interview: The Philosophy Of Bitcoin With Professor Craig Warmke
Unreasonably long transaction time on a low transaction fee
Question about displayed value in Blockstream green
A tragic bitcoin story.
What exactly does a node do?
Earning interest on bitcoin, Voyager pays 6.25% APR. Everyone says to hold coins in your own wallet, but then I won't get interest! What to do?
Bitcoin helped me start and fund an orphanage for abandoned kittens...
Help please
NFT Explosion Coming over Next 2 Years &amp; Will Create Jobs, Say Insiders
Highest potential DeFi project for 2021? Check this out. Possible 50x short-term.
I think bitcoin is becoming a victim of it's own success.
How the tables have turned
It's worst in almost every way! Do it!
ClearMax Windows &amp; Doors Lets Customers Pay with Bitcoin – DWM Magazine
ClearMax Windows &amp; Doors Lets Customers Pay with Bitcoin – DWM Magazine
Best crypto to invest right now? Check this great review! Bullish project with products launch in May. Don't miss this chance to invest!
This is a graphic I made for a women investing group. Thought it might be helpful to someone.
What crypto do you think is up and coming?
Funny Bitcoin Monk. Namaste
Auto repair for Crypto!! Gosch Bros Auto Pros! My brother and I will give you a discount for using crypto. Or cash and we’ll invest the tip into crypto!!! California!!!
"Ares Le Mandat" and astrology will become standard protocol for a self-sustaining Bitcoin ETF
"Try Lightning" they said, "it's simple and easy now!"
Switzerlandâs AXA Introduces Bitcoin as a New Payment Method
Withdrawing Bitcoin??
Turkish Central Bank bans accepting crypto as payment and prohibits online payment processors from facilitating deposits and withdrawals (they are experiencing over 16% inflation and people were starting to ditch the fiat currency lol)
bitcoin
More Bitcoin censorship ?
Bitcoin Audible: Chat #60 - Strong Foundations in an Unstable Era, with Cory Tucek
Blockchain wallet-"transaction failed to send" also have two stuck transactions one seems glitched help please
Gifted bitcoin
Lost bitcoin??
How do I get into Bitcoin?
Do you guys hold any other crypto than just BTC?
Best app for buying bitcoin
What’s the best app for buying bitcoin?
Is Coinbase Wallet a secure place to Store CRYPTO?
Buy a f***ing ledger!
Bitcoin QT on 10 year old laptop. Download the entire blockchain?
Billionaire Investor Says Bitcoin Will Hit $100k By End of Year
Done with GME cult. In with Bitcoin
Turkish government bans accepting payments with cryptocurrencies, As Turkish lira continues to lose value.
Traders Vs Hodlers! #HODL
Bitcoin Magazine Happy Hour LIVE RIGHT NOW
Can BTC and Gold market cap grow together ?
Why is this happening on coinbase?
South Korean City Threatens to Seize Cryptos From Tax Evaders
Bitcoin Power: The Energy Of A Money
Gryphon Digital now open to BTC Mining but it MUST be clean ( Block Chain Renewable Energy ) ⚡️
Gryphon Digital now open to BTC Mining but it MUST be clean ( Block Chain Renewable Energy ) ⚡️
Free Bitcoin !
Invest on BITCOIN with AaronbutlerBitcoininvestment and earn 7 to 16 bitcoin in 3month increase your portfolio
One thing we can all do to promote Bitcoin - it takes 5 minutes and 10 pieces of A4 paper
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.04.12
Retort to a Smartass, 8 Years Later
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Digital ecosystem affirming both bitcoin and dollar - Mike McGlone, a senior analyst for Bloomberg Intelligence
The 3 paper wallets from the picture still holds 1 BTC each after all these years: https://blockstream.info/tx/89e9b6e577b7f267c739d07fba6688b08e7aa52666672935bbce1cc451506cb7 The psychical representation of Bitcoin was important in the early days in order to offer the feeling of something 'real'
Why did Mark Cuban say that Eth is a better currency than bitcoin?
A collapsing dollar - The Everything Bubble
Checkout what I saw in san diego today! 1552 Garnet ave. It has a sign saying opening soon!
Shakepay Bitcoin
How will the Digital Yuan affect BTC
How did you get hacked/lose your coins?
Bitcoin-ETF Frenzy Heats Up With Grayscale Deal, Ticker Change
Bitcoin dominance about to fall under 50%
Rebuttal to anyone who thinks bitcoin has no value because it's not "tangible"
how to use Bitcoin key file?
Bitcoin Power: The Energy Of A Money
Slice of humble pi?
Greatest DAD EVER! Any updates from this user? I remember reading this post three years ago on cryptoCurrency and i just hope he survived it. RIP if he didn’t. 3 years later that $500 is worth almost 60k Now! 😲
Casual regrets of telling people how much bitcoin I had years ago
18 yo trying to buy bitchoin from a brokerage w/o hundreds of fees
coin.uk.com is closing down and selling off
When do you think the market cycle top happens?
What an earth would cause my local bitcoins account to be terminated??
WHAT DOES COINBASE’S LISTING MEAN FOR BITCOIN?
Where to spend my coins ?
Raoul Pal Says One Threat May Derail the Bitcoin Revolution – And It’s Not Regulation
Satoshi Nakamoto if you are reading this. This is Ordis7 from AOL. Hit me up I'm easy to find we need to talk.
10 Euro bitcoin free gift 🎁👍
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
Someone has taken over my favorite chair. #dreamdog he must dreaming about #Bitcoin 😂
What is the best way to pay less taxes on your crypto gains?
Risks of raising a loan on bitcoin.
Can i send from my Bitcoin wallet to a lightning wallet address?
That's almost 50% of my f****** order taken for fees? I sent $86 worth of btc and they took $31!? How is bitcoin going anywhere with fees like that ? It is practically not usable for, well, anything...im pretty disappointed. Was trying to move some profits I took on doge to my long term btc account.
Plenty of Strong Bags Buying in Last 24 hours
THE MOST RELIABLE BITCOIN PRIVATE KEY FINDER
Can we start a list of employers that pay in Bitcoin?
My 15 year old son just asked me to pay his pocket money in bitcoin for the next 3 years...on the condition that I buy up 3 years worth and give it to him on an amortised basis. Bullish signal HODZL!
Thoughts on Liquidity Mining?
CoinbasePro Depth Chart goes to 105k now
My coinbase wallet
Taxes through BlockFi
What do i get in return, if i invest in altcoins and bitcoin 5050?
How can I short bitcoin?
Safety / Security Question
Edward Snowden Plans to Auction an NFT, Proceeds Will Go to Freedom of the Press Foundation
First Bitcoin ETF In North America Reaches $1 Billion In Assets
How to buy Bitcoin with Apple &amp; Google Pay in 15 seconds
$$ SorryNoMoon $$
Student loan debt
List of Bitcoin services that flag mixed coins, or coins from gambling sites?
Where to buy bitcoin in the UK
lost seed
Crypto in the new roaring twenties
help recovering coin account
200-Year-Old American Wine Shop Now Accepts Cryptocurrencies
Retro mining
cryptocurrency( Legendary Finance) 15% Discount!!
I know we don’t like shitcoins here, but anyone else kicking themselves for not buying into Doge before it went up 2,000% in the past couple of months?
Bitcoin Stories: Eva Ray, Bitcoin Enthusiast (Episode 096)
Buy bitcoin is safe, trading with bitcoin is risky
Bitcoin Stories: Faisal Khan, Bitcoin Enthusiast (Episode 094)
You guys betrayed me and now I'm broke
Bitcoin Stories: Pierce Crosby, General Manager, TradingView (Episode 095)
Missing Bitcoins in LocalBitcoins
Millions and millions worth of BTC missing
Who here thinks we need to make the blocks bigger?
First Bitcoin ETF In North America Reaches $1 Billion In Assets
Wallets
What is Bitcoin sucking off from?
LUV NFT marketplace on Polkadot/Kusuma will accept $BTC $ETH $KSM ⛽️ No gas fees 🚀 4/21
Dollar Cost Averaging Bitcoin, DCA BTC
$trust coin
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Would you want one? ( PART II ) My idea about making affordable crypto seed backups became a reality about a month after posting it on reddit (check my profile posts) thanks to your support. I have now opened my shop on Etsy as suggested by one redditor. Again thanks a lot guys!
We need to make the blocks bigger
Student Coin - Join the biggest ICO of 2021 - Bonus code: Sxbkvyh3pa
Russian Finance Ministry, Central Bank at Loggerheads over Crypto Tax - Report
How to buy tesla with bitcoin
Idea to Reality. Crypto Seed Backup
$623 Million In Stolen Bitcoin From 2016 Bitfinex Hack Has Been Moved
https://telegram.me/coindaybot?start=752775657 مجانًا الحصول على عملة البتكوين بسهوله من التلكرام
GBTC issuer Grayscale has taken an ownership stake in an ETF issuer ClearShares just as the issuer coincidentally changed one of its ticker symbol to "BTC"
Reminder, Jack Dorsey is a Communist Tyrant and a threat to BITCOIN.
i found a someone he was relly cool i bought a good minnign rig from these guy i was relly happy caust i was wanting to start bitcoin and so now i have one (if your interested https://www.edsvetements.com/product-page/mining-rig-6x-580-8gb-4gb-ram-ddr3-1600-lga-1150-psu-2000w
That 9 pages whitepaper by a pseudonymous name Satoshi Nakamoto 12 years ago become one of the greatest revolutionary technology of the century.
i've got an old seed from 2015-2016. last week i found 2.5K worth of crypto in it. is there an easier way to got through adresses?
The fact that am earning free from bitcoin I think I am okay, I earn you watch thanks to crypto world....
$623 Million In Stolen Bitcoin From 2016 Bitfinex Hack Has Been Moved
$GRD - Gordo was in space and will also be the first ape on the moon 🐒🚀
i've gold and old seed and 1000s of adresses. last week i found 1.4 ETH. looking for an easier way to find coins / forked coins
Coinbase Effect: Is Crypto Ready For The Incoming Herd?
Hesitancy
Too low fee
Imagine opening the Coinbase app and seeing this.... some glitch that sadly ended
PayPal just sent an email to their 361 million users that you can now buy crypto on their site.
Live Stream: Bitcoin is Heading for $ 70,000
Newbie here
http://www.shorturl.at/qyKU3
Holy guacamole!
I love wsb but I had to troll em
Guys, I really enjoyed having you all on the stream today! Amazing participation and interaction! For those that couldn't watch it live, here's the link🙏🤣😈😎🎬🎥
Satoshi to email the world.
UK'er newbie on binance - now what!
A small step towards adoption
Bitcoin Proof of Stake... No chance right?
Dogecoin going to Moon 🌝
How is crypto taxed in indonesia?
I offer 20.000$ in bitcoin who can help me to recover my 140k
Don't want to piss you off but I need guidance.
Maximizing TPS: Smartbch Developer Explains Project’s Potential, Metamask Capabilities Seen in the Wild
F2Pool Encodes Money-Printing Headline Into First Post-Coinbase Listing Block
Coinbase Reaches $85.7 Billion Valuation After First Day Of Trading
best site
It's all fun and games until moving BTC aka my crippling anxiety is killing me
Trading bitcoin for noobs.
XRP Ripple Forecast And Analysis For 2021
BlackRock CEO Sings Bitcoin’s Praises as Future ‘Great Asset Class’
F2Pool Encodes Money-Printing Headline Into First Post-Coinbase Listing Block
Bonus GBTC!
THE 4 MOST IMPRESSIVE ALTCOIN PICKS I HAVE EVER MADE!
I have discovered a "5 second method" to spreading the good word of Bitcoin....
Dump ethereum, buy Bitcoin, don’t use coinbase
Start getting paid with your mobile phone 📱 Get paid for just doing a few simple online task and earn $100.00 a day times 7days= ($700.00. ) It's good money in a month ($2,800 ) A business that will change your life. ETORO 〽️✅ Click on the link below to join 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇
Question from a newbie
Where to buy Bitcoin online?
Major hedge fund announces crypto investment
Someone gifted my husband a bitcoin code...
Anyone in Myanmar that can share their story? Happy to send some sats to some ppl we could help. Myanmar’s Informal Financial Service Providers Take Advantage of Post-Coup Banking Crisis.
Sats/bytes
Bitcoin mine
Who wants to go first?
Keep dropping those Liotta's. It seems to be working.
I always thought this would be a rad anthem for the crypto community
w
Michael Saylor: Gold vs. Bitcoin
Pi network = free mining app (will go public until winter)
Move Bitcoins from Coinmama to another platform
Bitcoin Is A Trojan Horse For Freedom
Major Swiss Insurer Now Accepts Bitcoin
Bitcoin and Coimbase made headlines yesterday!
🤝 Largest DeFi ICO of 2021 • LAST CHANCE TO GET IN EARLY • INSANE POTENTIAL 😱😱 THIS BRINGS CRYPTO TO MAINSTREAM CONSUMERS • GIANT GLOBAL MARKET (Serious Project – See Whitepaper for Yourself)
What is the best way to automatically sell/buy cryptocurrencies based on RSI, in 2021?
Is Crypto new Gold?
Pi network = free mining app (will go public until winter)
BEST PRACTICE TRADING APP! LEARN HOW TO TRADE PROFESSIONALLY FOR FREE!!
Do Altcoin Holders Convert to BTC?
Does coinbase keep part of it's treasury in bitcoin?
my latest bitcoin sticker design, check it out!
Bitcoin trader
Why aren't Satoshi Era coins more valuable?
Satoshi nakamoto:1 millions de bitcoin inactif.#bitcoin #satoshinakamoto #dogecoin #btc
After one glorious day, bitcoin discussion is now re-banned on WallStreetBets
Coinbase Reaches $85.7 Billion Valuation After First Day Of Trading
Routers goes behind a paywall. They should implement LN micropayments...
Yet another tax question - if you get paid in bitcoin, do you only have to pay taxes on it when you sell it? And how does the employer report payroll taxes then?
RESIDENCIA EN COSTA RICA – PLANETA DE NEGOCIOS
Quote Of The YEAR - Stacy Herbert @stacyherbert
What’s the long term plan in terms of energy usage growth and protecting the network from attacks?
Bitcoin Paranoia: Decentralized vs. Centralized Exchange
Useful insight on selecting coin trading pairs
Bitcoin: Too Big To Ban
$69k on 4/20
Elon Musk Could Probably Pump The Price To $69K on 420
Bitcoin in self directed Roth IRA
Bitcoin Is A Trojan Horse For Freedom by Alex Gladstein for Bitcoin Magazine
$69k on 4/20
$500,000 BTC by 2024 and $100,000 BTC end of 2021 are Mike Novogratz pri...
Insurance Giant AXA Allows Swiss Clients to Pay for Services With Bitcoin
What Does Coinbase's Listing Mean For Bitcoin?
BIT Mining Limited Announces First Closing of BTC.com Businesses Acquisition
Poloniex Not Solve My Problem for Almost a Month, $ 25K stuck!
La branche suisse de l'assureur AXA accepte maintenant le Bitcoin (BTC).#dogecoin #bitcoin #btc #dogr #axa #suisse #crypto #cryptocurrency
The true rationale for a $100 Trillion Bitcoin market cap.... (illustration included)
GBTC's negative premium is ridiculous!!!!
Education for the globe. Who wouldnt support that?
Good time to buy in? Or do you guys think it’ll dip soon?
Education for the whole world. Who wouldnt like that?
New Jackpot Staking Ecosystem. Are you ready?
Bitcoin Malzemeleri
Daily Bitcoin News April 14th, 2021
Timeframe for FORK on the ERC 20 Network?
Jurrien Timmer (Fidelity) on Bitcoin's price projection
My latest crypto sticker designs check 'em out!
Look at this. We're supposed to listen to them as an authority on information and they can't even be assed to find out the real name of the creator. Takes 2 secs of google.
END DAY
Would you take a 100$ cash or a bitcoin???
Do Passphrases come in different Languages?
Crypto Apparel- To the MOON!! Accepting cryptocurrency as payment through Coinbase. Be part of the movement to bring awareness to the crypto market! www.cryptoclothes.store
Turkey bans use of cryptocurrencies for payments, sends Bitcoin down
Sell me your Bitcoin
Dunamu Nasdaq Listing ‘Could Raise USD 17.9B’ – Analysts
New ICO opportunity
Ray Dalio: "Bitcoin has proven itself over the last 10 years... it has intrinsic value". (video)
This chart tells all
If more people only buy but not spend bitcoins... I have an idea to solve it.
That HODLing life
Ray Dalio does is now all onboard on Bitcoin! (video)
Hey guys, can you please help me finish a small survey about Exchanges!!
Reflecting on Gensler's MIT Course
My unborn grandChild just asked me to Hodl so he/she can live like a Carefree douchebag ... on the condition that I remove my solor roofing and sell the Tesla . Bullish ...
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell Says Cryptocurrencies Are 'Vehicles for Speculation
Idea - Looking for Advice
Hit me lol
How do I get a constant live BTC price ticker in USD on my phones top bar?
Bitcoin At $100,000: Estimating The Chance Of Six Figure BTC In 2021
Displayed price different than the price I paid
It's Only the Beginning
If you invested $1k in each of the following in 2016 you would have
Is an ant miner t9 worth it?
Is an antminer t9 worth it in 2021 for 500?
Economia digital
How long to send bitcoin?q
Nigeria’s SEC in Talks With Central Bank of Nigeria Over Crypto Regulation— 2020 Crypto Guidelines Still Suspended
Bittrex - Sending BTC to a bc1 address
Question.
Raspberry Pi Bitcoin Ticker
Question about a transaction
CryptoSwap Finance - Token sale - Products launch in May! New DeFi GEM
Lost Bitcoin
Why Are There So Many Posts About The Fake Paypal Bitcoins?
Unconfirmed Transaction Help
Financial freedom
food for thought
Coins from forks
Can someone argue why we won't crash 80% next month after entering month 25 of the current rally?
Been waiting over an hour for my btc transaction to confirm. For those that think this will ever be used as more than a store of wealth... get real lol imagine waiting at a store for over an hour for your receipt
What do you think of the Rainbow Chart in 2021?
You can be earning and learning ask me how 📈
Can someone help me with mining?
Thinking about selling my sats (seriously)
pgp question
Bitcoin talk starts around 2:12
I just received a very strange transaction.
Mars
Bitcoin Versus Bonds: Asymmetric Assets
Economia digital
Pretty much
how to trade/invest at crypotcurrency
Pretty much
Probably a dumb question but google is zero help
I am a big seller and hacker from Darkweb..I got valid Dumps +pins,Cc,Cvv,Fullz and Bank logs with high balance of 9800$ and can be Cashout throughout the ATM ...at cool price Hit me now let’s deal Telegram@Kranium20 Textnow@(234) 386-4065
Breakout incoming
Rocket to pluto
CryptoSwap Finance (CSF) - Join the biggest ICO of 2021
Gold Price Forecast Today 16 April 2021
How does the average user maintain his RaspberryPi full node?
Any thoughts about how quantum computing can really totally disrupt the Bitcoin mining game? I'm sure we will see Q computers before Bitcoin mining comes to an end (projected to be circa 2040). Actually same question applies to any crypto that can be mined.
Miami-Dade Officials Hope to Launch a Crypto Task Force, Residents Could Pay Taxes in Bitcoin Soon
Some questions about the bitcoin network
I’m gonna need to cash out in 3 years (spring/summer 2024), DCA or ALL IN?!
I need some "Knowledge" concerning a Bitcoin payout.
TXID not existent help
I live in constant fear
wolf in sheeps clothing.
Advice on switching 401k to btc?
I will probably die before I get around to spending my btc
Bought Bitcoin from exchange, but no transaction record showing on the blockchain
🤣
Visa, JPMorgan and ING discuss Bitcoin, Ether and stablecoin development
Nassim Taleb: Bitcoin failed as a currency and became a speculative ponzi scheme
I just love crypto.
First Ethereum (ETH) ETF approved! Corporate Interest Is Growing
Will pay someone to help me retrieve lost bitcoin!
Start now don't wait for others success before you start, make a success and others will take your steps. Why don't you take the steps for others to follow you instead of waiting for them, a successful person can't be successful without trying to be successful, start now and make money with us 100%
Blockfi for hodling?
Big Scam Alert! Oraclebtc.com
What to say when people ask if BTC can go down to ZERO!
Why the f**k would anybody buy bitcoin?
Bitcoin Audible: Read_517 - Len Sassaman &amp; Satoshi, A Cypherpunk History [Evan h]
Ukrainian MPs Want to Jail People Who Don’t Disclose Crypto Holdings
Recovery help!!!
Bitcoin Wallet App Disappeared from APP store
Can you do you best estimate on when a transaction will be confirmed?
Little bro stole my BTC. Left me this.
An oldie but a goodie!
Accidentally sent my BTC to BTCsv wallet, is there anyway to retrieve??
Do it before is too late!!
Will the bull market end much sooner as everyone thinks?
Referral threads reddit
Current transaction situation
😷😷😷 MASKCOIN RELEASING TODAY AT 7:00 PM EST/11:00 PM UTC!! 10X+ expected LOCKED LIQUIDITY, LOW MARKET CAP, VERIFIED CONTRACT! (FAIR RELEASE) JOIN TELE
Bitcoins sent 3 hours ago still haven't received?
Please Check My BTC Mining Calculator
Any correlation between crypto and domain name market?
Finding old doge... help!
Best way to pay child small amounts of Bitcoin
I always feel like a genius, then an idiot right after the dip
My vision on crypto’s future
I always feel like a genius, then an idiot
Wallstreetbets Reinstates Ban on Cryptocurrency Discussions, Citing Bloomberg Coverage
SafeEarth Donates $100,000 to TheOceanCleanUp Kicking Off Blockchain Eco Project
How SIGHASH_ANYPREVOUT And Eltoo Could Improve The Lightning Network
WHY ARE WE BULLISH? Meeting Of The Mega Bulls: Pysh, Booth, Mallers, Say...
Bitcoin transaction stuck unconfirmed HELP
Need help from you guys!
Anybody in the age range idk like 10-15 buy some Bitcoin or any cryptocurrency?
Holds Crypto
Unconfirmed BTC
Looking at old exchanges be like 😣😣😣
Thank you Bitcoin. Just announced my retirement today! 🙌
Opportunity Cost
Executing BTC cantango trade from the US
About Five Million Swedes Are Bitcoin Owners Without Their Knowledge
Hey to everyone one I love bit coin and I want to buy 15-50 worth of bit coin but I’m under age so I can buy any but if anyone can send some to my wallet and I’ll cash app you that will be awesome
Back into the bitcoin scene -- where do I sell local bitcoins?
How dohashes and mining algorithms work? An interesting look into the guts of Bitcoin.
GO ALL IN gets removed?
Mith coin #pamp
ANNOUNCED MY RETIREMENT TODAY 🙌
Inflation is coming, the question is when.
If you are looking for a stock/crypto community.
How can I get in contact with a senior Bitcoin dev regarding a very serious threat to BTC and many cryptos?
Bitcoin Investment
Guys what do you think about XBT AND XBN? Is it legit?
Unconfirmed Transaction?
Bitcoin Mining Firm Blockcap Moves Headquarters To Texas As State Embraces Bitcoin
The future
Ramadan 4
Table of lowest required transaction fee for each week this year. Max required fee is $0.94
My first ever bit of BTC😄 ( I managed to find a app that lets you send and receive btc under 18 ) - I’m 17
Link to create Coinbase account and win $10: coinbase.com/join/lop_dh
Duolingo threatening me with a wrench attack?
Profits 💲💲💲..Fully copy trading
GO ALL IN
Since when is instructed information shoutboxing?
BUY DOGE
Bitpay says I have to pay 40% of my amound in USD for the fee
Is it me or confirmations are taking WAY TOO LONG
Ray Dalio on #Bitcoin, "I like the diversification of this kind of asset. It should be part of any portfolio. It's got merit"
The fact that roughly 20% of all bitcoin is most likely "lost forever" a good or bad thing for the stability of the coin itself?
Turkey Bans Cryptocurrency Use for Payments as Local Currency Plunges
Gonna be live with Michael Saylor, Preston Pysh, Jeff Booth, Jack Mallers and American HODL today at 6pm EST.
Since when did bitcoin hit 72k?
Guys, thank you all for another great live stream. You rock! For those that couldn't attend the live stream, here's the link to watch it now!🎬🎥😎📈
HE IS COMING
Fun fact: bitcoin is called bitchcoin in Brazil
What's that dip? Did I miss something or is the app messing up?
Can we monitor usage in Turkey?
"Stuck" transactions
Is bitpay a good wallet just to hold Crypto?
Investment 💯
Texans GM Nick Caserio on Deshaun Watson legal woes: 'If you want to speculate, probably go buy bitcoin'
Bitcoin Mining Firm Blockcap Moves Headquarters To Texas As State Embraces Bitcoin
Dogecoin Markets Soar as Token Nears a Half Dollar, DOGE Price Climbs 18,299% in 12 Months
Bitcoin Mining Hash Rate Drops As Blackouts Instituted In China
Why Bitcoin Is The Only Cryptocurrency You Need
The crypto industry is now worth more than iPhones &amp; MacBooks—$1.98 trillion of the market cap come in the last 6.5 months
I have $100 to invest, will it be pointless to put it into Bitcoin?
Cancel Unconfirmed Transaction
How long will my transaction take to confirm? 2 sat./b
https://metamask.app.link/send/0xf26a1D5058166797D55D1c37195A3f402a2c72eb@1?value=1e18
Bitcoin Mining Hash Rate Drops As Blackouts Instituted In China
Anyone else pretty much all in?
Ray Dalio Makes Case for Diversifying Portfolios with Bitcoin
Don't sell your BTC for the hype
The site of paid watching ads hgmoney.icu/Home
Everyone sell that doge and get back to Bitcoin.
Autobuy bitcoin plans - what is the best strategy/method to DCA
Lost seed phrase
Hold bitcoin
Bitcoin Block Viewer
Stuck transaction - could use some advice
Warning: ChangeNow stope my BTC!
Curve Dao token (CRV) undervalued?
Help with $BTC Transaction, please assist
BITCOIN (BTC) very long-term chart from today, with chart technique from me.
Has the DUMP started already ?
Sell your overinflated currency and dump it into the new People’s Coin.
Why Bitcoin Is The Only Cryptocurrency You Need
Breaking news.... BTC is crashing!
Can I uninstall Core application and will it remove sync data (HDD full)
Miami-Dade County Could Soon Let Residents Pay Taxes With Bitcoin
Turkey Bans Bitcoin Payments As Lira Crashes
When the dust settles...
“Cryptocurrency Prediction” tool - based on artificial intelligence data with more than 200 factors
Free bitcoin
Cancel Transaction - Help
Just signed up with Naga and 20 min later got a random "Welcome to HitBTC" sign up confirmation email
If you own bitcoin, you need to run a node. A node gives you a voice to vote on code changes, validate your own transactions and improve network efficiency by supporting the mempool. Here is mine.
Fundamentals go Out The Window, $1 Dogecoin incoming?
Help!! I just opened my coinbase account and filled out all the requirements and it still won’t let me deposit or buy
How to set it up...
Zip's Potential Crypto Trading, Rothschild ETH Investment + More News
Gains
CryptoSwap Finance (CSF) - ICO sale, products launch in May. PANCAKESWAP V2 coming! Very east 20x-50x in first days after launch!
My bitcoin private key is on a .txt file somewhere, how best to find it?
Looking for the general consensus here -- Bitcoin vs. State Fiat
Need help with estimating ASIC income
Bitcoin cash
A picture I edited, thought it was great for this sub!
Help!
Preparation time: What are you going to do when the bear market kicks in?
Crypto Gains
Highest potential DeFi project for 2021? Check this out. Possible 50x short-term.
:D :D You can't ban LOVE. Indians keep buying crypto despite a proposed government ban
Bitcoin sent and shows completed
NFTs and the carbon footprint dilemma
Tales from the Crypt: #244: DLCs, DeFi, Taproot activation, and milk cattle with Chris Stewart and Ben Carman
Why making bitcoin mainstream could be bad news for Coinbase
Pls say words of encouragement to folks at r/actualmoney, their subreddit is dying
BTC's retail interest outpaced institutions in Q1 2021
Hmmmmm NVM I wont make a transaction
Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell Says Cryptocurrencies Are ‘Vehicles for Speculation’
Peer-To-Peer Is Patriotic
Jim Cramer: 'It's Not a Sin to Take Bitcoin Profits' — TheStreet Looks like Cramer wants you to sell your Bitcoin 🤨--
Can I send bitcoin through lightning to the Guarda Wallet? and how?
Miami-Dade County Could Soon Let Residents Pay Taxes With Bitcoin
For every million new users, the price of #bitcoin rises $200.
Chance of Manipulation?
Bitcoin (BCH) $1000 !!!
BREAKING NEWS ‼️‼️
How to Set Up a Ledger Nano X Wallet for Your Bitcoin
Sincerely to all the people hyped about bitcoin
Is there a site that shows orphaned blocks?
How likely is it that dogecoin crazyness is a big players distracting people from bitcoin?
What is going on with the tx fee?
Calling Out For Help From the Crypto Community!
I know "having" crypto on Robinhood doesn't mean you own it, but is there ANY way to pull my money out without giving it up to them?
What’s the Buzz About Bitcoin Cryptocurrency and Blockchain Technology?
Is Bitrefill Safe and Legal? (Amazon gift cards)
The inevitable is happening
Turkey Bans Bitcoin Payments As Lira Crashes
How it feels to hodl these days…
YoWhatsapp APK Download v13.20.0 With Crack (Latest Version)2021
Bitcoin Investment
Is this Bitcoin?
How much higher could Bitcoin possibly go?
Merchant Token (MTO) ICO | DEFI | POS - Will be Listed on Uniswap for $1.20 in 12 July!! First big partnership will be announced soon
The joke is on him!
Please Help Me...See my life story
Stop renting &amp; start owning your bitcoin: how to buy, secure &amp; own bitcoin using InfoSec &amp; OpSec best practices for self-custody [Bitcoin Basics Podcast]
Wallets &amp; BIP39 compatibility
DogeCoin passed 40 cents: Why that excites the internet
The new dip!
Conspiracy theory
Never felt great than now🙂
How higher can price of Bitcoin possibly go?
Is it possible to setup automatic reoccurring purchase of Bitcoin?
As Phenomenal as Bitcoin’s Success Has Been the Hardest Part Is Yet To Come
Great day to buy Bitcoin!
Wallets: BIP44/49/89/141?
Sports book bitcoin deposit
BITCOIN HOJE | DOGECOIN SUPERA CARDANO NO RANKING DAS CRIPTOMOEDAS | CRI...
I really wish crypto "thought leaders" would speak out against DOGE
Old Bitcoin Core Wallet
Bitcoin is artificial substitute for gold - Charlie Munger
BTC Market Madness
Nice to meet 👆
Bitcoin Peer-To-Peer Is Patriotic
Andrew tries it again, and fails!
Would you lend someone money if they showed you a bitcoin wallet with a verified $1million? Would banks?
New to BTC, but the taxes...
Gifting my friend BTC to get him involved
It’s the right time to buy HOLO coin. Buy big and HOLD!!!
Most horrifying/bizarre/hilarious/gut-wrenching story of how someone who lost their private keys, and thus their bitcoin fortune?
Early Retirement??
All those people who are buying DOGE and thinking it´s better than BTC in a few weeks from now:
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, April 16, 2021
What Are You Going To Buy When Bitcoin Hits 100K?
Turkey Bans Cryptocurrency Use for Payments as Local Currency Plunges
2,7M subscribers!
Taproot Speedy Trial Activation has been merged into Bitcoin Core- Ots happening!
Life Story
First BTC Transaction to Private Wallet
Earn Bitcoin in a Call of Duty: Warzone tournament this weekend!🔫⚡
My friends and I changed the menu last night. What do you desire for dinner?
is possible that a btc rate will differ from one site to another?
Crypto Tab Browser Start your Bitcoin mining today !!!!
Got myself some BTC, am I doing it right?
Honest discussion on how Bitcoin has value
$RMOON listed on CG And doing a massive burns for the next 13 days 𝗦𝘁𝗶𝗹𝗹 𝘀𝘂𝗽𝗲𝗿 𝗲𝗮𝗿𝗹𝘆 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝘁𝗵𝗶𝘀 𝗼𝗻𝗲! 4,000+ holders and CG listing On day 2 Possible bitmart listing and audit on the way 50,000,000,000,000 $RMOON already burned
dogemoon!~ world crazy
What if bitcoins are the next Climate Disaster? GREAT READ! https://illuminem.com/?post=d037764a-e3df-4bd5-8e89-36d4c7f6f388
BTC Mining Yield from STX
What if bitcoins are the next climate disaster? GREAT READ!
The fact that DOGE has the 5th highest market cap shows we’re still very early.
crypto.com
Good
To all those "I bought a bike for x bitcoins x years ago and now it would be worth -------" posts
An interesting app! Join
Congressman Bought Dogecoin!
Turkey bans use of crypto for payments
One of the biggest Crypto Mining store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
Join, a really interesting app!
Join, a really interesting app!
END DAY
I feel nothing.
Flash Sale!!!!
What was the cause of the most recent dip to 51k
What do you all think of this??
BAM!! Everything is down right now
I am missing the sale!!!!
Trying to look at the positive side
This video provides context
Turkey Ban Cryputo BTC DROP
Support/Resistance Levels for Bitcoin for your reference. (I'm still new to this, do correct me if any of these are wrong). Darker blue lines are IMO stronger support/resistance levels. Faint blue are possible/weak ones.
Uh ohhh... someone was being bad
This is the end.
Bad omen
50k BTC here we come
Guys don’t panic the dip is normal, Bitcoin is stabilizing at 55-60k, lots of market resistance for the crypto market at 2 trillion
Binance is insolvent
Whales are stop loss hunting, stay strong!
Whats Causing the Saturday night Drop? Buying Dips!
CashApp Disabling Withdraws?
Look at that fat c...
Why couldn’t this happen next week when I had a pay check to buy the dip 🥲🥲
Advice for newbies at times like this.
Just wait til this week...this dip will get bought up bigtime
Any reasons why BTC dumped like this in 5 mins?
Best legit Bitcoin Earning Site Without Invest
coinbase BTC worth $1400 more than binance BTC explain
Holy Sh1t!
Why is bitcoin on webull cost more than one on like Robinhood and blockfi
Sudden drop - did I miss any news?
Where’s all my toilet paper hand bitches
Yoooo
Super point of entrance, price drops 10k, panic sales, WeakHands, and start recuperation, MACD and RSI indicators going to the floor showing great the sanity of the price, its going up soon
BUY THE DIP
Binance crazy prices?
all the stop losses getting tagged out... paper hands gonna wake up to their cash outs.
A scared newbie
Bitcoin down over 10k today buy the dip!!
Anyone knows why bitcoin just fell of a cliff? $10k drop in minutes just now.
I suppose it's that time...
Why the big drop??
Sorry about the dip everyone, I just bought for the first time only to lose 15% 😂
Bitcoin?
Is this the end?
Its goin down! 🤣🤣🤣
You might find this helpful … I have been using lots of different cyptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this one ➡
After today's dip
TFFF IS GOING ON
Big correction happening! I just got some nice things on sale.
Using some modest trends of future Bitcoin growth, how much Bitcoin should I be purchasing on average every month to reach $1 million US in value in 10 years?
DARTH SATOSHI
THIS is the dip you were waiting for. DON’T panic. BUY THE DIP
So, what’s this?
Acquisition of digital currencies
What. The. Fukc?
Quite the dip!
Moneeey moneeeey
CryptoSwap Finance (CSF) - Join the biggest ICO of 2021
Can I buy BNB from an exchange, transfer them to my wallet and change that BNB for BTC?
Best legit Bitcoin Earning Site Without Invest/ Deposit
Can’t sleep tonight. What will happen?
How does BETAPRO INVERSE BITCOIN ETF work?
Best legit Bitcoin Earning Site Without Invest/ Deposit .100% real free bitcoin . Just 20 Days Online =0.03024BTC. GET 0.002 Btc for Sign-up, It is very important to login to site daily for 10 days to be verified and receive a bonus 0.001 btc for more information click here : https://bit.ly/3dt7nwV
$300 Network Fee. Why?
What’s causing the correction.
I resent altcoins
Tis Merely A Flesh Wound
What would you do for 1 Bitcoin?
How Much Bitcoin Should I Own? A Mathematical Answer (Kiplinger, March 9, 2021)
Pi cycle is starting to take effect.
Why did Elon buy Bitcoin instead of Doge?
Unconfirmed transaction
I need a step guide for new-coiners
Animoca Brands Sells ~9.28m USD of NFTs in Three Days for F1® Delta Time and The Sandbox
What happens to Bitcoin if too much of it is destroyed?
Quit your job in 90 days!!
finally , the best website to buy bitcoin
Bitcoin
Running a full node via raspberry pi 3 questions
Bitcoin high in and Now down we go? Last three cycles $btc went down as high loosing 80 % of gains before going back up again.
3d chart Bearish engulfed candle stick with quadruple bearish div. YIKES.🥵
hitBTC Account Locked/ KYC ISSUE Pending - Ticket#800140
HODL and retire in 13 years
How to sync old wallet?
Bitcoin mess up? Coinbase app
50 billion gone in hours today
Reading Wikipedia to Answer Open-Domain Questions - ppt download
VeChain Mentioned in 2021 Forbes Blockchain 50, Parabolic Move In Sight?
Bitcoin mess up?
This is the newest project of him?
This is the newest project of him?
Is there any places that allow 16 years old’s to invest in crypto?
Risk paid off in out of the game
Timelocks
IRS, Tax Return, Bitcoin
I bought the highs instead of the dips and now when I see the dips, I will buy more since.
Silicon Valley ‘Super Angel’ Investor Ron Conway Says Crypto Economy Is the Next Multitrillion Dollar Opportunity
The Inflation Doomsayers Are Wrong Again
A meio caminho
BTC IS GOING DIPPPPPP Who else is going to buy ?
7 year old payment credited to my account - no recollection of it
How to buy Bitcoin???
When do you think we will reach a top, and how long do you predict the following bear market will be (or will we stay in a bull market for many years)?
I have well over 100 BTC. I’m just like you.
YouTube is actually running this scam ad
https://app.impact.com/secure/mediapartner/PUB_FINANCE_Report/r1/report/viewReport.report?handle=mp_monthly_close
Whats the best way to store bitcoin longterm lets say 5+ years??
Ogor say HoDL!$
A meio caminho
To any recently bitcoin rich individual
My sister in her BTC attire...she wants to know if we'll get there this month. Thoughts?
CryptoSwap Finance - ICO sale, products launch in May! New crypto GEM with possible 100x returns.
What’s the next big thing
Just bought $10 worth of Bitcoin what now? Using cash app btw :)
My BTC Story
How to troll scammers part 2: electric boogaloo
Best Day trading platform
Newbie Question: What is the lowest Transaction fee for Bitcoin Core?
Another 3 minute bitcoin read: Why You Shouldn't Be Afraid of Bitcoin
Wtttfffff haha $KONG going crazy!!!
1 hr and counting for a simple BTC send
Need help with a Bitcoin transaction
Multiple same orders thorough out the day
Bitcoin
Recovering a Wallet
It took 1 hour 46 minutes to mine last block
Anyone else having problems with Coinbase Pro this afternoon?
Which one seems more stable now?
PSA: A huge amount of Chinese hashpower went offline! Watch out for high fees.
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
When and where can i find the next culminating crypto to invest in
Bitcoin purchase station at a Chevron gas station in Fort Lauderale, FL on Apr 18th 2021
How to buy Bitcoin
BTC is the elite's attempt to track all transactions
Bitcoin Core Wallet - Will I need my passphrase
Help
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
The Plan.
If one block contains at most 2400 transactions and one block is mined every ten minutes, doesn't that limit bitcoin to 2400 transactions per 10 minutes forever? Isn't that a problem for bitcoin?
positive minds
What are the chances more central banks ban Bitcoin for means of payment like Turkey?
Been with bitcoin since 2015. Been here since 2013. Just make a $25,000 coin purchase. Here's to hodling it for next 10 years. See you then!
DOGE &amp; VET TO 1$! 🚀🚀🚀🚀PUUUUUSH!!....
Coinbase Ads on YouTube.
Link Kısalt - Kısa Link İçin Bir Bağlantı Oluşturun!
&lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;(function(i,m,p,a,c,t){c.ire_o=p;c[p]=c[p]||function(){(c[p].a=c[p].a||[]).push(arguments)};t=a.createElement(m);var z=a.getElementsByTagName(m)[0];t.async=1;t.src=i;z.parentNode.insertBefore(t,z)})('https://utt.impactcdn.com/P-A2770063-62ef-4a4f-a9a3-167efba686901.js'
How many would be interested in free / 0 fees mining pool ?
We need an update
netbitcoin
Schiff has tweeted. Time to load up more BTC...
How to troll a scammer
Is it still worth putting a small amount, like 1500 into bitcoin?
Sell doge for Bitcoin?
Help related to Bitcoin Mining
Elon’s Plan
Shitcoins are off topic so silence real investors... this is a joke
why Stellar (XLM)
Why is my bitcoin fee so high?
Would the destruction of the hover dam destroy bitcoin?
Ray Dalio said that Bitcoin should represent about 20% of an investment portfolio (in article)
In December, when Bitcoin was around $21k, I had $600 in Bitcoin (I know it isn't a lot compared to most Reddit investors, but I'm 20 and in college) but had to pull it out to pay for car repairs. Now I hurt every time I see the number 60k. 🥲
Shark Tank’s Barbara Corcoran Advocates Getting Rich by Investing in Real Estate, Not Cryptocurrencies
Safemoon HODL
Looking for where to invest?
Need help converting BTC to BNB in the USA
Crypto Business Idea
Bitcoin
homie nailed it with the bitcoin rap
Can’t transfer from EToro to wallet
Cool browser game which give you free BTC
My bitcoin transaction isn't confirming. Is there anything i can do?
Gaming Giant WeMade Wants to Buy Bithumb – Report
No control over bitcoin or private keys, high markups, and no BTC to merchants... Is PayPal's Bitcoin adoption a PR stunt?
$700+ profit in 6 days trading doge and bnb with $950
Entrée en bourse de COINBASE, c'est fou !!
Inflation has arrived in the United States
Anyone scoop up some sats this mid morning around 59.9k - 60.2k?
How long for my transaction to confirm?
has anyone bought off Binance?
UNIA (Uniswap) airdrop referral code
Ledger question
I know how to buy Bitcoin ?? At the cheapest price, if someone wants to know the site, call me and I will respond
This guy sold all his $600k worth of possessions for Bitcoin during the March crash and turned it to $6.6M.
Turkish Government positions its crypto ban as a way to protect users
Is bitcoin overpriced?
Would you buy bitcoin in worth of 100$ in 2009?
We are here for you for your wallet validation for securing your wallet and fund from fraud just message if any help is needed we are always here for you
First time getting paid for hair service in Bitcoin!!
mohamed
Possible scam - Was reached out on Discord claiming I won 0.45 BTC
Bitcoin, Dogecoin, or Gold? Which is the REAL Winner?
Found my old wallet and the purchases I’ve made... which would have been worth €170K today!
This software will help you go to the moon
ECDSA adapter signatures standardization published (already merged into libsecp256k1-zkp)
How does Crypto.com cashback works?
UNISAP is doing a new airdrop. Click here for some UNIA: https://uniaswap.com/?dre=3ILMYZ
Transaction Unconfirmed
Scam ALERT! Please report to Google
Fuck coin base
The Dallas Federal Reserve Bank President Robert Kaplan clearly stating that bitcoin is a store of value and fiat currencies are not.
What will happen to bitcoin if the stock market falls????
What would it take to free the online payment network that all merchants already accept?
He Likes the Stock! $GME
These cookies look amazing! 🚀🍪
EMERGENCY! LIMITED TIME TO TRADE THIS 70% ALTCOIN PUMP!
USA, you have have basic knowledge of crypto currency or a beginner DM let's discuss
Free
GET CASH BACK IN SATOSHIS
CryptoSwap Finance - ICO sale, products launch in May! New crypto GEM with possible 100x returns.
Weekly chart
Tired of looking for a reliable Crypto Mining seller? Your research is over!
Hypothetical- US Government buying a ton of BTC?
Bitcoin is bad
I told my dog Fudgey I’m all-in in BTC but he won’t stop asking me to buy doge 🤦‍♂️
Merchant token
Newbie question, with mining capacity significantly reduced how does the network unclog?
ERC20 sent to bitcoin receive address in error. Help
Have we tracked the fellow redditor? Is he still married?!
Moon boy hopium about to get destroyed.
I consider this bullshit for the removal and response. How is this sub not allowed to discuss this?
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Canada Approves Three Ethereum ETFs, Ether Funds Set to Launch on TSX Next Week
Clearly, Jim Cramer Doesn’t Get Bitcoin
Doge is going down 😭 yesterday i had over 30 USD more than now 😭 don't let doge dieeeee
Bull run will end when the doubt ends?
Armed men force their way into Canyon Meadows home, steal cryptocurrency keys
Will I be taxed if my I sell my mined coins on Bisq (DEX, no KYC)
#bitcoiner
Clicker-based game for mining crypto
Highest potential crypto project for 2021? Check this out.
Coinbase executives cashout amount with IPO
A very pleasant evening and ATH to you all
Help me mine pi coins for Free
Reminder: The goal of Bitcoin is not to make you rich
Surprise bitcoin
Should we ban governments that ban Bitcoin?
(MINERS) I have 4 brand new HPE 868050-s01 proliant Gen9 server blades that I need to get rid of.
Need help. I’ve sent bitcoin over from trust wallet to Coinbase. It’s been pending for about 3 hours but I’ve read somewhere now that Coinbase won’t accept transfers from trust wallet. So what do I do from here? Is my bitcoin just lost or is there something I can do?
The Costs Associated With Developing a BTC Wallet
Local Butcher Accepts Bitcoin
Diamond hands from the Proterozoic era
MicroStrategy now pays its board in Bitcoin
Lightning Network adoption data on Betplay.io
How The XRP Community Reply To The SEC’s “Shady” Move
How long will my Bitcoin transaction will take?
Buy/Sell cryptocurrency
Bitcoin to close April above $90K? When and where this bull wave will top
Can you identify which BTC node had broadcasted some transaction first?
Please help with my bitcoin account
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Merchant Token $MTO ICO - The most complete review you will find - Tokenomics, ICO Details, Token Distribution, Roadmap and more
I miss you so much...
Looking for a user manual for my old Skyhook BTC ATM. Trying to get it repaired and back in service.
What is going on with the hash rate?
Is it possible to invest in bitcoin or other crypto at 16?
What the actual fuck are these fees? Using mycelium Bitcoin wallet and they have always been high but never this high. Please let me know of a fix.
If you want low fees use "bc1" addresses
If you don't use "bc1" addresses you will pay a lot of fees
Mods
Unable to send from Blockchain Wallet - “Error Code 26: too long mempool”
Blockcap Mined $33M in BTC in First Quarter, Q1 Bitcoin Revenue Outshines US Competitors
What happens when it hits the red line?
Why is BTC the best?
Bitcoin Bull Run Index - An indicator based on a portfolio of 8 bitcoin metrics
btc courses for newbies?
Loan
Don't lose your Bitcoin! How to backup Ledger Nano X with Nano S
Very interesting, look at the change over the past 24 hours Watch it on a daily basis to get a sense of what’s happening between BCH &amp; BTC
BTC and deflation
From ATHs Over Bans to 20 Crypto Jokes
WallStreetBets Bans Crypto discussion again after one Bloomberg Article
The most profitable Crypto Mining on the market! Huge discounts!
Opinions about btc price
Bitcoin to close April above $90K? When &amp; where this bull wave will top
How long will my Bitcoin transaction will take?
CryptoSwap Finance (CSF) - ICO sale, products launch in May. PANCAKESWAP V2 coming! Very east 20x-50x in first days after launch!
Dogecoin is the future
currently working on a bot for keys.lol - it's now in version 0.4.0 - hopefully it's working this time
I just invested $250 in bitcoin and $250 in eretheum. Thoughts?
Did I lose my bitcoin?
Patience is Passion Tamed. -LA
Stuck on 1 confirmation.
Americans are becoming increasingly bullish on cryptocurrency as bitcoin soars to new records
Hello. I found a site where they really pay in cryptocurrency.
Can someone please explain the hype around BCH? It’s hard to get non biased info from this sub and BTC sub. I felt really good about my investment based on my research, but not I’m questions whether I should have looked in BCH more.
Can someone please explain the hype around BTH? It’s hard to get non biased info from this sub and BTC sub. I felt really good about my investment based on my research, but not I’m questions whether I should have looked in BTH more.
Should we be concerned about Bitcoin's future?
From yesterday I sent a transaction to binance and it is still pending/unconfirmed. My question is. Did I lose my money? Or will it revert back into my trust wallet after some time?
Finally wanting to hop on, looking for advice
Tis the year
A passive crypto market device this sub might appreciate
Hello. I found a site where they really pay.
Is there anyway to buy crypto with a prepaid debit card?
How it started: // How it's going:
Bailouts don't remove risk from the stock market, they shift the risk to the fiat currency. The term "Hyper-Bailoutization"
This headline was embedded into the 679,187th Bitcoin block.
Quick Followup Question
Get Your Nexo Card Earlier
Welcome to join us
Exchange withdrawal fees...they serious?
Texans proving why they’re the NFLs dumbest franchise right now
END DAY
Will a transaction that pays a 10,100 satoshi fee go through?
Where do you get your bitcoin news?
24 hour percentage change.
Decentralize DNS using Bitcoin's code ($HNS. Educational)
Finally caught a Bitcoin!
Would-be bullshitters and brandolini's law
Whats the node consensus rule to make changes to bitcoin? And could a country just buy a bunch of nodes and override it?
Dm me I trade btc and any gift cards at good rate legit and honest +15125667691 Whatsapp also
To everyone thinking this was a “crash”
Interior Designers in Bangalore | Best Interior Design | Addongroup.org
New crypto giant coming in next month. Exchange with lot of DeFi features. High reward potential
Cyber thieves move $760 million stolen in the 2016 Bitfinex heist &amp; reason for the crash
I only have 0.4 BTC, I often stay up at night thinking about what could be and could have been...
No blocks were mined for almost 2 hours
Found my old blockchain wallet from 2014
Moonshot Monday Vechain VET
Bitcoin transaction
How is BTC being infinitely divisible not the same thing as infinitely printable?
افضل موقع لتعدين البيتكوين
More GPUs in Stock #shorts
Got a discord message about winning Bitcoin?
I signed up to play The Crypto Prophecies trading game. Use my code and get $5 worth of tokens to play for free.
Bitcoin mining is being used to reduce greenhouse gases
Hi Bitcoin Lovers!!!
Australia: The local paper
Coinbase Wallet - Recommend or Not?
Free Bitcoin ????
How to get free bitcoin (..slowly)
I'm done with BTC
First purchase of BTC
Thoughts on this?
Bitcoin website!!
Posted a twitter link to Willy Woo's post mortem on the crash today and it was deleted by mods...
Bitcoin noob here. Why are these fees so high? I'm using trust wallet and to send $30 of BTC the network fee is $16. It seems crazy to me.
Question about private key generation/ability to hack
The purpose of Bitcoin is so much bigger than your personal net worth. And you need to keep studying about Bitcoin until you realize it.
You can visit my store to shop men's and women's fashion
First time!
(Jim Cramer Dumps Half of His Bitcoin Stash to Pay Off Mortgage) PAPER HANDED PRICK! it’s a coincidence that he sold after rumors of money laundering through bitcoin indictments are coming, no?
Bitcoin
Change of Plan!!!!!!
Did You Miss Elliot Wave 3 Down ???
Conservation of Momentum (responding to recent meme "He Has a Whole Bitcoin")
GBTC concern. Screenshot from Grayscale bybt page. Page is currently down, but I was able to look around and the outflows and holdings for everything went to zero. Anyone else catch wind of this?
Bank of America Survey: 74% of Fund Managers See Bitcoin as a Bubble
I put chips in dips
Leveraging through borrowing on Celsius?
Mercado de carbono
Join the biggest ICO of 2021 ! Products launch in May - 20-30x return easy !
Investing in $SOS Limitted.
How to invest in crypto when you're under 18
Investing on $SOS
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
New Zealand property for sale - Taking Payment with Bitcoin.
Has anyone thought about the proven oil reserves worldwide divided by the amount of bitcoin?
Help understanding fees [Beginner]
Almost USD 10 Billion Liquidated Amid Sunday Selloff In Crypto Market
I need to stop looking at the price of Bitcoin
House in New Zealand for sale with BTC accepted. First of its kind in NZ.
House in New Zealand for sale. BTC accept. First of its kind in Kiwiland.
All Hands on Deck for IOTA’s Chrysalis 2.0, This Is What You Need to Know
Bitcoin free
Crash?
I have 4 different dated versions of an old BTC wallet from 2014 - Help seeing transactions + accurate balance + HD with a slash through it?
Mining For Bitcoin With Flared Gas To Reduce Carbon Emissions
Platform Review
Make big cash steadily through binary trade using bitcoin. Text me on +17204142437
It takes time to create REAL WEALTH!
Mercado de carbono
Bitcoin Mining Made Easy
This is the best place to buy bitcoin
Crypto
I'm trying to transfer my btc from blockchain trading wallet to my normal wallet but it's sayin insufficient funds
Options..
Join the future of coin base
Gagner bitcoin
Join Coinbase Bitcoin Futures 🔥🔥
Gagner bitcoin
Bitcoin Non-Emergency Video
Bullish but...End of the run?
I guess alt seasons over..
Has BTC become too “centralised”?
Coinbase problem with chime
For those new or seeking more info (basic or super complicated), Andreas Antonopoulos is the man you seek
free Bitcoin
Did this dip make anyone else even MORE bullish for this cycle? Yearly trend, for reference. That pattern 👀
Has BTC become to “centralised”?
Robinhood Help
Bitcoin
dont have access to wallet but have the address
is Grayscale Trust sell all crypto?
Secret club for schizophrenics
Craziest DCA strategy yet.
Do I have to make a new account on my Trezor wallet in order to receive a different cryptocurrency other than BTC?
China’s Xinjiang Blackout and Bitcoin Hashrate Correction Caused BTC Price Crash
Best place to buy Bitcoin
KIKI DRAGON
Question: this shit makes no sence
Why is Coinbase more popular than Robinhood for BTC purchases, when Coinbase has fees?
Sold some near ATH to buy her. Such a beast. Bought in more during this dip. Live your dream, gents.
The state of the market in one picture
Why is Coinbase more popular than Robinhood for BTC purchases, when Coinbase has fees?
You might find this helpful … I have been using lots of different cyptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this one ➡ https://app.impact.com/secure/member/set-current-usership-flow.ihtml?newUsershipId=2936286
Where to put 1,000 dlls right now? 🤑
I just bought BTC and sent it to my hardware wallet with ease. Can I do the same with ETH on my Trezor hardware or do I have to make a new account on it?
Where to put 1,000 dlls right now? 🤑
Could Bitcoin be viewed as similar to gold?
Dodge to the moon 4/20
Does anybody know which, if any, btc exchanges I.e. coinbase, kraken, Gemini, Robinhood etc... backup their btc w xapo/wences casares in Swiss alps? If we’re holding w non custodial accounts it would be good to know our wallets are backed up and secured
What too much crypto trading does to you 🤷🏼‍♀️
Pending Transactions
# Oke, Who els is smelling something in the air. First coinbase 1 April. Aka April fools now this...ennnn goo.....!!???
BTC 69420
Read
Shady bank practices (2008 market crash)
The china power outage start time is very close to block 679392 (Current difficulty round start)
How to be a star Bitcoin trader
CryptoSwap Finance – new, great potential DeFi project with low market cap and supply. Five products launching in May/June 2021. Hidden GEM!
Orgy is the New Crypto! You’re lying if you say you don’t know what’s about to happen in this scene!
CryptoSwap Finance – new, great potential DeFi project with low market cap and supply. Five products launching in May/June 2021. Hidden GEM!
letter punch for titanium
The mempool is out of control! Is the only way to chip away at the mempool's unconfirmed transactions by mining?
So I downloaded roughly 30 to 40 different Bitcoin apps in 2020. Made a small test purchase/send in most from 1 app to another (to myself). How am I supposed to do my taxes with so many different apps and transactions?
The “why are women underrepresented in crypto?” starter pack
US Lawmaker Warns Treasury Secretary and Fed Chair Not to Ignore Bitcoin or America Will Fall Behind
The “why are women underrepresented in crypto?” starter pack
How to purchase bitcoin when under 18?
As soon as Bitcoin has a dip - every single shitcoin out there falls with it.
How to buy bitcoin
ARRR - Pirate chain
How do we calculate cost basis when we decide to sell?
teenage bitcoin millionaire who's parents don't know
How often do you check on your Crytpo/Bitcoin?
I just got .15 BTC for free!
HELP!!!! - Unique Finance Crypotocurrency
We from Dogecoin are willing to explain what HODL means ! Good luck guys. Both to the moon 🚀🚀🚀🔥🔥
Can someone explain chart below? Why after 2024 the line is straight? Would it not go down due to halving?
542fawaz@gmail.xom
Don't panic, buy the dip, a new ATH (in my native fiat), I just bought my first tiny amount of bitcoin. This is all I'm seeing at the moment.
New to Bitcoin
Desperate for advice on my next steps, please!
My message to the fearful:
Let people do what they want with bitcoin
Buy SAFEMOON and thank me later
Diving deeper into Bitcoin
I created some Dogecoin accepted here buttons (.psd link in comments)
Thank for the discount, remember to buy more sats
Low
How leverage margin works actually?
Is Bitcoin really "for the people"
BITCOIN URGENT WARNING!!! 4 WORST Reasons BTC DUMPED
Need help!!
I may not be a smart man
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Finally buying
Help with coin-star Bitcoin vouchers?
Doge coin showing fib level at .41$
Earn more online with bitcoin
This is sad? What the world has come to, Bitcoin getting out paced by a copy meme based coin 🤦🏽‍♂️
Question on how to use Lightning
Bitcoin is not a meme, stock or get rich quick scheme.
This blew my mind
Yesterday’s Crypto Market - Explained
What is the best app to get real/near real time Crypto prices on my Apple Watch?
The first rule about bitcoin is you don’t sell bitcoin.
The crackdown news on institutions dealing crypto BTC more real (now Yahoo Finance)
Watch out for scammers.
For new crypto.com users:
Good to be back
The karma of PoW, and the centralization of power grids
Do you like XRP? If yes, listen my song here ⬇️⬇️ (S/O BTC &amp; Compagny)
Bitcoin free 10$ min
My node is connected to 20 peers only. This is a rookie number, I want to pump up that number.
How I bought a bitcoin for $8.50 in 2021 and why I'm not selling it (you won't believe how I did it...) (not clickbait)
Radio in the Netherlands giving away 1 whole bitcoin taxfree.
The Great Depression and Money Printers of Today
Bitcoin tumbles from recent high as cryptocurrencies take weekend hit
long term bitcoin storage?
It's Not Too Late
Coinbase funds on hold for 17 days
Bitcoin’s Silent Revolution: Technology And Invention, Plebeian And Ruler
I think Bitcoin is no longer the promising long term investment it once was.....
dont buy crypto with skrill.
PEAKDEFI Ethereum wallet app offers crypto credit card
zoom out! I have been buying the dips for the past 3 months. It took this bullrun for bitcoin to become popular enough in my country so I can easily buy. I was here in 2017 but couldn't buy, those dips don't scare me at all instead they excite the shit out of me to buy more sats.
Is it worth buying $1000 in Bitcoin
Loving this dip 💪
Bullish sentiment from the unlikeliest source
Maybe my best investment in 2021
Random Bitcoin question
Bitcoin slumps as cryptocurrency sheds record gains
PEAKDEFI staking will be available on Binance Smart Chain (BSC)
Where would I find old mined bitcoin?
No more Bitcoin
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Bitcoin or Altcoins?
The Crypto-Curious Series: What is Bitcoin?
Seed Phrase Security Question
Business opportunity
OVER LEVERAGED PAPER HANDS.
Alternative services?
Accepting payment through credit card and paying out as crypto
Bitcoin Native DeFi Projects?
If I switch phones
Bitcoin is falling down. Is it the end for it? - Bitcoin World
Hedge Fund Investment Firm Brevan Howard to Start Investing in Cryptocurrencies
Coinbase executives are dumping most of their shares - My opinion: they will buy bitcoin
BLOCKCHAIN Operating SYSTEM: An Entire Summary
WHAT IS GOING ON FOR BITCOIN
Might be a stupid question...
Have you guys checked this Ethereum Airdrop?
When the crypto dips
Rich ! Rich ! Rich ?
Tinfoil hat engaged. Is this dip a prelude to Monday’s madness?
✋Pi network = mine free with phone ✋
It’s about principal!!! Some people are so quick to bash crypto, whilst the fly around spending their manipulated fiat like a brainwashed seagull!
First time bitcoin buyer
I have signed up to 4 brokers/ exchanges to try and buy bitcoin today but none are working.
BTC loan
If you don’t follow Willy Woo, you are super missing out
If a satoshi goes to a dollar, that's a better investment than if doge goes to a dollar
Why do blockchain projects need their own native coin?
Is there a good way to cash out without having a closed/frozen bank account?
Chinese Government Shorting Bitcoin
When you got rid of all your fiat, so you can't even buy the dip
12 midnight...
SEC: It would be a foolish thing for the government to ban bitcoin
Bitcoin Is Bad For The Planet, But Cryptocurrencies Are NOT
PSA: Do NOT trust Google with ANY of your Cryptocurrency Exchange info/ personal info (Do not use Google Authenticator 2FA)
What are your thoughts on a dead cat bounce to around 59k and then a leg down to the 40's???
Question regarding cash out and taxation
Coinbase/Bitcoin
roll BCH &amp; ETH into BTC?
How do digital wallets like coinbase wallet work?
Midnight..
We just saw the single largest 1-day drop in mining hash rate since Nov 2017. The hash rate on the network essentially halved, causing mayhem in BTC price as it crashed.
Cheering on the Fed
Anyone else heard of bitclout? It’s like social media + Bitcoin! Learned a lot from this vid, thought I would share
can i trust this site?
Ding
Installieren Sie den CryptoTab-Browser und verdienen Sie zusätzlich Geld, indem Sie ihn ganz normal verwenden. Während Sie wie üblich YouTube-Videos aufrufen, die Nachrichten lesen oder soziale Netzwerke nutzen, können Sie echte Bitcoins verdienen.
I had bitcoin on a laptop that got factory reset- is there any way to get it back?
BTC addiction
International NEWS! World Wide Mining Equipment Distributor - LogixMining
The word "correction" is not synonymous with "crash" and "dip". 3 different words with different meaning in the universe of bitcoin.
Possible Bitcoin Found. Any one know what this is? How to check it as well for possible btc?
don't keep your coins on exchanges folks. Cryptsy took all mine. Paul Vernon is a crook.
Turkey Bans Cryptocurrency Payments, Says Risks Are Too Big
Bitcoin wallet address hosted by an exchange.
This is your monthly reminder to zoom out
Possible Bitcoin Found
Bitcoin liquidity
And it seems the hash rate has rebounded
A respectable site to earn bitcoin
Bitcoin user tax
NFT painting I had commissioned. Figured I'd use bitcoin as primary coin.
Need honesty opinion.
🙏🏻
Funding rates are now negative. The crazy leverage in the market was wiped out. Clear skies and ready for launch 🚀 🚀 🚀
Doge trading on Webull!!!!
Bought my first 0.12 Bitcoins today
A scannable QR code advertisement created by drones above the skies of Shanghai.
CryptoSwap Finance - ICO sale, products launch in May! New crypto GEM with possible 100x returns.
What if I told you the appearance of lack of volatility in th stock market is caused by mass market manipulation and volatility in the bitcoin cryptocurrency space is caused by it being a truly new, free and open market. The first free market in history is still a baby.
Are you new to trading and want to get a head start? Or, maybe you have been trading for a while but have never made a profit?
Is Dogecoin decoupling from Bitcoin?
Dollar cost averaged my way into 0.1 BTC
Checked my Bitcoin balance and the amount of Bitcoin was still the same. The problem with people is they denominate their holdings in dollar terms. Denominate in Bitcoin. Then you'll see, there are no dips, only buying opportunities to increase your stack.
OFAC Escalates Russian Sanctions Listing Bitcoin Addresses, US Treasury Crypto Crackdown Rumors Spread
Daily Bitcoin News April 17th, 2021
Finally purchased for the first time during the dip
CryptoBeginner
Year 2031: 1 satoshi == 1 EUR
CryptoSwap Finance - Token sale - Products launch in May! New DeFi GEM
stop telling people to hold onto their Bitcoin when it’s crashing.
Heart touching
Bitflexcrypto?
touching heart story
Hi, DOGE boi here!
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Hold My Cosmo These Awesome Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
We Should All Expect Repercussions When The Music Stops on Dogecoin
Merely a setback.
Old but Gold
Thoughts on gifting Bitcoin
Bitcoin Hashrate question
What will happen when all the coins are mined?
比特币18/4暴跌，熊来了？
I just crossed the 0.005 BTC mark🎉🎉
Should I buy now?
DCA / Daily price averaging
Stay Away From Changenow Exchange
If bitcoin hits $69,420 on 4/20/2021
when in doubt...
What's the forecast for BTC this week?
Buy the dip!
Ai Marketing is a registered trademark of Wexford, a company established by American and Russian experts specializing in marketing and programming artificial intelligence robots. She has a robot marketing for more than twenty thousand major companies across the world and ai marketing has contracte
Anyone heard of WinxCrypt.com? Are they legit?
This was the run up from 2016 halving to the 2017 peak. Zoom out! No one ever started a good story with "So I was panic selling..."
60k by midnight...!!
END DAY
Newbie question
Chase Bank Argues in Federal Court that Cryptocurrency Purchases Are Cash-Like Transactions
Best crypto display ticker?
please read
Pi
Bitcoin Breakthrough System 2021: jones8t
Serious Question: Why do we need a government?
"In August, bitcoin suffered a 20% drawdown, a 17% drawdown in November, 31% in January, 26% in February, 18% March, and now more recently down 16% about peak to trough. Through that period from the August peak into the recent low, bitcoin is up 315%."
Bitcoin newbie - Is this the correct process for a transaction?
Today in Hong Kong
Seoul to Target Kimchi Premium Crypto Sellers by Policing Int’l Remittances
Can we hit 69K by 4/20?
Tiny asset class is turning $100 into as much as $27,144: jones8t
Thanks guys…. 69/420 from Australia….
Imagine a reality where two major players (think USA vs China) started a race on acquiring most BTC. What would happen? How would that go down?
I'm making buy orders all day long tomorrow set to buy Bitcoin at $69,420. If others make sell orders for $69,420 then we can still make this meme happen
What do you think bitcoin tastes like?
Bitcoin Core is signed by a certificate revoked almost a month ago
What is everyone’s price prediction for bitcoin in the next 5 years?
Could this current dip be caused by...
CSF Token - New crypto GEM! ICO sale, products launch in May.
Can we seriously talk about China for a second?
Morgan Stanley Says Central Bank Digital Currencies Not a Threat to Cryptocurrencies
Name some sources where one can download current bitcoin mempool.
This current dip is really sad...
How to get SafeMoon the best way without worrying about Verification process!!
Dwaynejohnon pls mr johnson need cash immeditley
I Designed and 3D Printed a Fully Modular Mining Rig System That is Now Free to Download
BTC Transaction Not showing up on BlockChain?
DIPDIPDIPDIP
Serious fud... not a bot
What Apps recommend for Crypto and stocks?
I'm making buy orders all day long tomorrow set to buy Bitcoin at $69,420. If others make sell orders for $69,420 then we can still make this meme happen.
Take a deep breath and read the 2nd comment out loud with a straight face.
Trying to convince a skeptic
Where can you put bitcoin at interest?
How do I buy btc no kyc?
Poor moon boys
Governments around the world knock crypto and claim to regulate it ( cause they missed the boat to get in early).
Crypto App designed for this?
AMA I’m responsible for the BTC drop - Bought BTC for second time since losing it in 2013 Cryptsy scandal
1 month ticker, is this the end of the Bitcoin BULL run and a massive dip incoming? (Back to 20-30k). Are you hodling or have you liquidated?
Want to join pi network?
Instead of selling cars for Bitcoin, Tesla should partner with a lending platform where customers' Bitcoin deposits could earn interest, which go to Tesla to pay off the car. Customers never divest.
1 month ticker, is this the end of the Bitcoin BULL run and a massive dip incoming? (Back to 20-30k). Are you hodling or have you liquidated?
Free bonus Bitcoin - copy this address in receiver
Research on Bitcoin
Transaction almost 5 hours ago not recieved?
How do I earn from Bitcoin?
Bitcoin just hit 69000 on 420 in Canada
What's your daily mobile LN wallet of choice?
Unconfirmed 0 for over 6 hours now. Can anyone help?
AMA I’m responsible for the Bitcoin dump - Buying BTC for second time since 2013
The strong willed won’t move
COINBASE vs BINANCE
There are 102,114 Bitcoin MILLIONAIRES already 🚀
Installez le navigateur CryptoTab et commencez à gagner de l'argent supplémentaire pour l'utiliser. Tant que vous regardez YouTube, lisez des nouvelles et utilisez les réseaux sociaux exactement comme vous le faites quotidiennement, vous obtenez de vrais Bitcoins.
Bitcoin just hit $69000 on 420 in Canada
For every person who asks me how do I buy Bitcoin or any other currency, this is the best way.
New crypto giant coming in next month. Exchange with lot of DeFi features. High reward potential
WE'VE GOT THE KIMCHI EFFECT
Feeling red? Here's some things to look forward to cheer up
Anybody skilled in Options
Selling on blockchain
Bitcoin just hit $69000 on 420 in Canada
Crypto and stocks on 1 platform?
Unfortunately I'm right
US Treasury Money Laundering Rumor and nobody cares.
Anyone who was waiting to “buy the dip”
I’m doing my part 👍
BTC 21W MA
Federal Reserve Bank President Says Bitcoin Is Clearly a Store of Value
When I plan to sell.
Bitcoin Audible: Read_518 - Two Taproot Activation Clients! [Aaron Van Wirdum]
earn bitcoin whilst browsing
Pegada de carbono
Doge day 4/20 ...I have my own Value at Millions $$$$$
Parachute malfunction, caution.
They say he has a whole Bitcoin 😳
Afterparty Tickets for Bitcoin 2021
Crowd1 | Impossible is Nothing
China says bitcoin is good investment. US must follow to compete with them now!
Anyone else feel like BTC’s legitimacy to normies is being degraded by the Dog Coin pump tards?
🤔
China's Central Bank Looking to Regulate Bitcoin as an Investment Vehicle | BTCMANAGER
Fact check: Does . 28 garuntee you in the top 1 percent of BTC owners?
Problems with transfering btc
Bitcoin atm cash taxes
Localbitcoins anti account termination campaign
A reminder that....
New to Crypto - Couple questions regarding the current dip-n-bobs
https://beincrypto.com/china-bitcoin-investment-alternative/
Crazy Mempools like this are why we have the Lightning Network
Anyone know how to sell crypto on blockchain? Every time I try to sell it brings me to this, I know I have wallets but it says I have none please help
Pegada de carbono
This sub has been growing really fast lately, so I've prepared a nice little starter kit to help newbies to avoid losing money
NEW COIN
Resetting a Hard Wallet
SAVE PLANET EARTH 🚀🌚
Which whale’s gonna dump first?
Interesting new whitepaper 🤔 Might be a moonshot if this comes true
Alright Coinbase, let's dance.
Dogecoin to $1??? What the Heck Is Doge Day?
buying the dip
ByBit Take Profit - Above Entry / Below Current Price
coins broh
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Bitcoin cost relation to mining profitability
Bitcoin Ticker for Kindle Oasis, open Hodl.bar in browser, tap the round “i” icon on the chart for the instructions. Should work on other devices with a browser
Nice one! 😍 Link 👉 https://shop.bitbase.es/collections/toda-la-coleccion/products/camiseta-bitcoin-just-hodl-it
This is Why Cardano Has Seen a “Huge” Spike in Developer Interest
Nice one! 😍😍😍 👉 https://shop.bitbase.es/collections/toda-la-coleccion/products/camiseta-bitcoin-just-hodl-it
Join the biggest ICO of 2021 ! Products launch in May - 20-30x return easy !
Bitcoin Stuck
DOGE Treats Extravaganza - USD 500,000 in DOGE Prizes!
China Calls Bitcoin and Stablecoins ‘Investment Alternatives’ for the First Time Since Crypto Crackdown
Bitcoin Magazine's Art Director To Auction Guy Fawkes Painting For Bitcoin
Single-use mobile wallet suggestions?
Mining fees too high for me: what's going on?
Where can I Instant buy $5 worth of Bitcoin without KYC?
If I decide to buy something that costs $1 using bitcoin how much tax I will pay?
BITCOIN
I suspect my cats might be HODLers...
My youtube video about bitcoin for all the non dippers. Lol
Anyone got some change to spare?
Pending transaction
You may track down this supportive … I have been utilizing bunches of various cyptocurrency trade stages in the course of recent months however the best one so far was this one ➡https://app.impact.com/secure/mediapartner/marketplace/new-campaign-marketplace-flow.ihtml
Is there a bitcoin full implementation wrote in Python
What do you think about this investment strategy? I currently have €200k in investments, mostly in US &amp; EU Vanguard index funds
Bitcoin sent to Blockchain wallet missing funds. Offering a reward for successful help
I've started charging my astrology services in BTC but don't want clients getting mad when it goes way up lol...
Bitcoin Magazine Auctions Guy Fawkes Painting For Bitcoin
Dogecoin at $0.44 embraces 'literal moon' ahead of Elon Musk SpaceX launch
heksoin : A calibrated bitcoin phur india
Bitcoin Liberated me From my Dog Faeces Addiction
Smartlands Platform Launch: Tokenizing the Real Economy in Europe With a First-Mover Advantage
Interview: Bitcoin Reinforces Good Habits With The Littlest Bitcoin Boomer
Jordan Peterson’s New Book And Bitcoin
When my friends ask me why I hate the banks so much
Bitcoin vs DogeCoin vs SafeMoon
Dogecoin at $0.44 embraces 'literal moon' ahead of Elon Musk SpaceX launch
Please find a brilliant overview of the essential points about Smartlands and the coming launch in the article on news....
Can cryptocurrency be used to hedge against inflation ?
Only 21 million? Guaranteed?
Trust wallet issue
Where Could I Borrow Against My BTC?
Leaving Bitcoin on Exchange
ETN on BTC
If people would understand bitcoin right they wont have to work again
Sent bitcoin on coinbase and it's not confirming
Forecast Bitcoin (BTC) April 2021
We have come a long way
Short Position - 10M$ - Help?
Feature of bitcoin
I want to sell this amount of Bitcoin
Intro to Bitcoin, Blockchains, and Cryptocurrency
China’s Bitcoin adoption
For everybody who has not seen this one yet. A well done "epic rap battle" style video of Satoshi Nakamoto VS the father of banking (Hamilton)
How do I download bisq on MacBook
PINT to Tokenize Exposure to the Top Polkadot Initiatives
PBOC, Federal Reserve Officials Provide Optimistic Commentary On Bitcoin
Goldman Sachs CEO predicts what Bitcoin regulation looks like
Reputable btc accelerators?
Simplex fees are insane?
Level up your security with this 2 min tutorial on Jade + Green
Is there actually inflation?
Jordan Peterson’s New Book And Bitcoin
China softens tone on bitcoin, calling it an 'investment alternative' after years of cracking down on crypto
What if China would backen their digital currency with btc?
🚀
Me after I buy at the highest point of the dip
Let's defeat the banks
An Open Letter To Those Who Are Considering Buying Bitcoin
help me
Sue the banks? They don't want to accept fiat proceeds, my deposit, from a crypto sale, but im supposed to pay taxes from the profit, guess govt won't get the tax money.
Sue the banks? They don't want to accept fiat proceeds, my deposit, from a crypto sale, but im supposed to pay taxes from the profit, guess govt won't get the tax money.
Quick question about BlueWallet
Howard Marks Turned Bullish on Bitcoin?
Cryptos are UnAmerican! #SupportTheDollar
Advice for a newcomer
Looking for design feedback before I go to production.
Bitcoin man
PBOC, Federal Reserve Officials Provide Optimistic Commentary On Bitcoin
Podcasters are now able to be supported via bitcoin in real time. No longer are we beholden to patreon/visa/MasterCard #Podcasting2.0
Bitcoin Sees Historic Levels Of Liquidation Across Multiple Exchanges
Taking a loan out and putting crypto as collateral
Thoughts on Casa?
Let's get this tweet viral.
Robert Breedlove: Philosophy of Bitcoin from First Principles | Lex Fridman Podcast #176
Breaking: Canadian government promises to keep deficit within $400 billion this year - Thats $11 482 per Canadian in new debt
Breaking: Canada promises not have federal deficit of no more than $400 billion this year - Thats up to $11 482 per Canadian in new debt
Mining and ecology
Was there a hashrate drop? Was it because of China? Does that mean centralization?
Rewards Card!
This is very danger if china restart the mining rigs after block 681408 immediately.
My 2nd best investment this year after Doge
Bank of England and HM Treasury Launch a Central Bank Digital Currency Taskforce
It is impossible from any government to seize your Bitcoin from the Blockchain (without your private keys).
Would you use BTC to order DoorDash, Ubereats, GrubHub, and Postmates?
To all of you who said you would get a tattoo if the price reached 69.420 on 4/20
Best place to purchase BTC in Canada
Mid 30's no kid, no house mortgage, yet? .
Running concurrent nodes on same computer
Will we ever start pricing things in Satoshis?
NFT Performance Art: Corporations Could Capitalize On Protest
A Question For Newer BTC Buyers
Mining vs buying
Ich habe ein paar hilfreiche Informationen für alle, die ihr Einkommen steigern wollen. Probiert CryptoTab Browser aus und ihr werdet sehen, wie einfach es ist, Bitcoins zu verdienen. Die eingebaute Miningfunktion macht alles für euch. Nutzt meinen Link, um ihn zu installieren https://cryptotabbrows
Tecnology can save us from central banks
Central Bank Digital Currency Opportunities, challenges and design (Bank of England, 2020)
Did China just manipulate Bitcoin?
Bitcoin Sees Historic Levels Of Liquidation Across Multiple Exchanges
Seems like a lot of energy usage for something that's closed after 5 pm and weekends.
Sorry, can't go on our date. All my extra fiat goes to help my token babies grow.
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
BITCOIN FLASH CRASH what happened?
Why does the lower hash rate causes the network fees to go up? Are blocks no longer 10 mins apart?
Bought some btc 2 years ago forgot about it, now i want MORE
Does anyone else have that friend who keeps saying they’re too late to buy?
What the **** even is this, lost 50 euro. Why is the miner fee 400 euro
I’m all in, well almost, ~ 80% IT WILL RISE buy NOW after dip - love you guys 🚀🌕 🐶 not far behind -it's a joke? is that why the Mavericks accept Doge as payment?
Bank of America Survey: 74% of Fund Managers See Bitcoin as a Bubble: Source - Bitcoin News - BLOCKREPORT
Blockchain Wallet BTC to ETH swap taking forever?
Why I’d rather invest in Bitcoin than Coin stock
Bitcoin: The Separation Of Money And State Animation
(This feels like a big deal) China ‘endorses’ BTC investment: 5 things to watch in Bitcoin this week
How to Break Tether's control of Bitcoin Market?
Lightning Network Questions Megathread - Learn the Fundamentals
changenow.io is a scam site. They are thieves
BTC021: Bitcoin and Bonds w/ Greg Foss
SEC Complaint
Earning interest on crypto
Bitcoin Astro for April 19 - Mars 135 Saturn
I have btc in my blockchain.com wallet but i am not able to send anywhere.
Is Bitcoin (BTC) Now Too Big To Fail?
Blockchain for vaccine passports
📣DYNASTY INVESTMENT PLAN📣 📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌📌 🔆INVEST 0.1 BTC EARN 1 BTC 🔆INVEST 0.2 BTC EARN 2 BTC 🔆INVEST 0.5 BTC EARN 5 BTC 🔆INVEST 1.0 BTC EARN 10 BTC 🔆INVEST 3.0 BTC EARN 30 BTC 🔆INVEST 4.0 BTC EARN 40 BTC 🔆INVEST 5.0 BTC EARN 50 BTC 🔆INVEST 10 BTC EARN 100 BTC 📌📌📌📌📌
In the very, very early days of bitcoin, I tried to mine on an old computer of mine and I have no idea if it was successful. How do I find that out?
0,26 BTC stuck in Changelly - Support not responding. Need help to recover my TrueUSD or receive the BTC
Why is Bitcoin dropping?
Price data CSV
A slide from 2017
Trading Art for Bitcoin in 2013: Ali Spagnola
Signed Satoshi Key.
If you are a trader or investor then you have to join this telegram group
Good news from China.
Bitcoin concept
Could anyone kindly explain the difference between CFD’s, Futures and Options in an easy-to-understand way?!
If you are a trader or investor then you have to join this telegram group
Willy Woo: Massive power outage in China made bitcoin fall to $50,000
China calls bitcoin ‘investment alternative’ as Fed maintains crypto is ‘speculation’
Crypto Gaming
Hi! I’m a newbie and have invested in Bitcoin. I’m planning to hold it for a couple years. Is it wise to leave the money in Coinbase wallet? Or should I use a different one?
Currently 69,000 Canadian dollars equals 1 Bitcoin, nice
I found a seller on my city (in USA) willing to accept Bitcoin as payment for his house (around 300K)
Hey all check out HollaEx they just added a bunch of new alt coins to the wallet.
The #FYouMoney! Show is back with episode #30. The COMPLETE truth about #Bitcoin #BTC 20% crash of yesterday and what's next. Don't miss it... Available now here!👇
Well this sucks...
Whales Move Over $4 Billion in BTC During Sunday’s Market Carnage, 150 Bitcoin from 2010 Spent
OKEx Integrates The Bitcoin Lightning Network
Unconfirmed Transaction Day 4
Like... literally look at the charts
Question?
Hate to be that guy, but...
CryptoSwap Finance – new, great potential DeFi project with low market cap and supply. Five products launching in May/June 2021. Hidden GEM!
SyrsoNET
Convince me that btc can be used as a viable normal transaction currency - I *cannot* for the life of me find a method for selling my btc for cash in person
Riding BTC wave for free
Hi dear reedit. Today i found in my google drive. Propably backup of my old bitcoin wallet . Wallet_bb.txt who know how and where i can restore this ? Because normal bitcoin wallet dont have. Recovery walet from txt file.
Bought 3 (fake) BTC as a reminder to continue to DCA. 🚀
Buying Bitcoin
Coinbase to trust wallet
Thought on lightning
Bitcoin: The Separation Of Money And State Animation
I just panic sold
#BTC - Buy the DIP People
I hope so soonest 📊📈
BITCOIN MIAMI CONFERENCE TICKET AND AFTER PARTY TICKET
Did the difficulty get adjusted about 2 hours ago?
The Pioneers of Crypto
CENTRAL BANK DIGITAL CURRENCIES. WILL THEY FUCK UP CRYPTO??
Let’s go!
Reason for unconfirmed?
OKEx users are now able to use the Lightning Network for both BTC deposits and withdrawals. Also added a few extra LN related links to wallets &amp; exchanges, supporting Lightning Network
My Two Cents
Is Binance scamming me?
Blockfi loan - LTV 50%
BetFury got the Curacao License!
Bitcoin can be bought and sold at the best price and without commission from here~~¶ https://localbitcoins.com/؟ch=1jges&amp;track=blog
Bitcoin rises 4.2% to $50,947.94
DCA with kinda low fees kinda easily
DOGE &amp; VET to 1$!!!!🚀🚀🚀🚀PUUUUUUSH!!........
Hash rates and price correlation
As a young adult investing in BTC for my future
OKEx Integrates The Bitcoin Lightning Network
Consulting firm Kinetic accept Bitcoin and Ethereum cryptocurrencies as payment for services
RICH PEOPLE WANT TO BUY CHEAP! Let’s push back up BITCOIN!!!! (we can do it like GameStop!)
Time to get Naked!💰💰💰
Elon Musk is using his influence to deep bitcoin
HOT New Bitcoin Show! "The way fiat makes its way into the system is destructive to us and to our planet. Fiat currency is mined through debt"
END DAY
If you’re a beginner in trading Bitcoin....
My, how things have changed - Jim Cramer on how investors should handle bitcoin's weekend plunge
Do you know Astacoin?
Cryptocurrency Approved in United States for 77M Venmo Users
Does Bitcoin encourage substantial wealth hoarding/generational inequalities?
The good old days
SPAC Today. NFT Tomorrow.
What is going on with Tether? Look at 7 day graph on CMC
Hair to stay?
Python Bitcoin library for Ubuntu
CryptoTeamz
Bitcoin desalination?
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.1.8 - bitcoin transaction fees and taproot with @evankaloudis and @benthecarman
Dívida e tokenização
Nigeria Money Printing Controvesy: CBN Governor’s Remarks Attacked, Government Denies It Financed Deficit via Money Printing
Shark Tank’s Kevin O’Leary Dishes the Dirt on Bitcoin, Gold
Dug up this little gem from a few years ago. Damn the upward trend!
Tesla Apologizes as China Disquiet Mounts After Owner Protest
Salary in Bitcoin...What should I know?
Jim's Carpet Cleaning Southport
Please support me
Bitcoin Gold btg ???
How to buy Cryptocurrencies in India: Best exchanges 2021?
Is there a way I can use Bitcoin (or other crypto) to Buy a prepaid Visa (Or another prepaid debit card)?
Does anyone use Yahoo Finance?
Help please. Transferred BTC to BitMart to buy Safemoon
BTC PENDING VERY LONG TIME
CryptoTab
The Myth of Satoshi’s coins.
Wtf
BTC dropping every time futures expire
Bitcoin transactions are FREE SPEECH
BTC Transaction Stuck
&lt;b&gt;Staying Home?&lt;/b&gt; Get paid for &lt;br&gt; surfing the web!
Bertha has diamond hands!
Best Crypto Company ?
Lost over 80k future trading on binance
Why everything is up at least 4x from february but bitcoin has failed to do that ? Alt season has begun ?
Ok mẹ
‘Intense Crackdown’ until End of June as Seoul Fights Crypto Fraudsters
Used Bitcoin faucets back in 2013. Haven't touched my wallet since. Help!
cryptocurrencies like bitcoin, ethereum and dogecoin
Crytomonedas como ganar
Bitcoin Skies- Official Music Video
Purchase
Sort by top of all time Bitcoin posts and find a post a couple years back. Sort by controversial and enjoy.
Free Bitcoin Mining Game: Play Online &amp; Mine Crypto | RollerCoin
gana crytomonedas jugando, earn cryptocurrencies by playing
Watch out people, they are here to suck your blood as much as they can
Endgame for autoshort bots
gana crytomonedas jugando
Your bitcoin transaction failed to send. please try again blockchain com
Elon Musk may have unwittingly unveiled his identity as Bitcoin inventor
http://CoTrader.com
🚀 CoTrader: The world first investment funds platform live on BSC.cotrader.com (and was first on ETH.cotrader.com too since 2018)
Crypto
Bitcoin Bull Case: Ogallala Acquirer Water Shortage induced Inflation
Crypto
Bitcoin in ten words
soon
You might find this helpful … I have been using lots of different cyptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this one &lt;script type="text/javascript"&gt;(function(i,m,p,a,c,t){c.ire_o=p;c[p]=c[p]||function(){(c[p].a=c[p].a||[]).push(arguments)};t=a.createElement
Blockfi vs. Celsius vs. Nexo vs. Ledn - earning passive income on BTC and stablecoin
Can someone explain a transaction and calm me down?
What's the point of making dust transactions?
Dívida e tokenização
The next Bitcoin is Dogecoin. All China 🇨🇳 investors there 🔥💰💰💰💰💰💰
2 Cents per Kilowatt Hour: Bitfarms to Launch a 210 MW Bitcoin Mining Operation in Argentina
Risk of centralised Bitcoin mining
Michael Saylor Retirement on Bitcoin
BTG
Why did Bitcoins "Version" jump so drastically from Block 409477 to 409478?
Best cryptocurrency exchange platforms ever!!!
Bitcoin Ticker Auction and Giveaway! Details in comment.
Question for those who know Bitcoin and economics
taking eBay profits to invest in Bitcoin during rough times
Thanks for trading with us, we are glad for trusting in our company.❤️
URGENT PLEASE
Logitech MX Keys - Unboxing and First Impressions in 2021
Ask me How to start investing
Bitcoin Roth IRA
Sent BNB to wrong address on trust wallet.
Official Unstoppable Wallet admin are SCAMMING via the telegram linked to their app. ALL PROOF SHOWN.
The Bankers Are Coming! The Bankers Are Coming...for you Bitcoins.
You might find this helpful … I have been using lots of different cyptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this on ➡privacy@impact.com
Dívida e tokenização
BIT Mining Limited Announces Trading of ADSs under New English Name and New Ticker Symbol
Bitcoin Backpack
Institutions are first that will dump and crate bear market almost right now, hear me up people.
Thoughts on interest gaining wallets
I’m going to buy bitcoin
Claim Bitcoin Gold
You are missing out a lot if you haven’t tried CryptoTab Browser yet! It’s the world’s first browser with a built-in mining feature. It not only works as a great browser but also allows you to mine Bitcoins and grow your income.
This project has Rob Ferber as an advisor he is Tesla's former Scientist Director and Vice President chief engineer to the HyperLoop one according to linked in. tokenomics come out in two weeks. "Pre mining" registration open for a limited time.
Ever thought what swing trade means for small BTC investors?
8 years ago, the total market value of all existing bitcoins was around $1.2 billion. Now, $1.2 billion worth is mined every 3 weeks.
Why Bitcoin's Price Has Stayed Above $50,000
Hi please explain this to me. ETA?
How many sats/byte should I use? I used 175 and the fee was $89. So the fee changes based on how much I’m sending too?
PLEASE HELP with stuck BTC transaction
Taxation INTNERNAL REVENUE SERVICE (IRS)explained
Hi, I'm new here, can you help me? Anyone knows a btc wallet called 24coinchange.site?
Bitcoin transfers
BNB FROM TRUST WALLET GONE!!!!
CashApp give me $99 of bitcoin
r/NewCoinHunt
Football is my favourite game.
Anyone knows whats up with this caculated shares boost? Wasn't supposed china miners be back up now? this is at 43 MH/s
Know who is telling you what!
Is there a bank to put bitcoin at interest?
WEENTAR JOB OPPORTUNITIES. JOIN OUR TEAM.
WEENTAR JOB OPPORTUNITIES. JOIN OUR TEAM.
Already been posted here, but I'm sure newbies could enjoy this. Andreas Antonopoulos - All the ships are sinking
Why The Crypto Market Could Face A Crackdown, says Cardano’s Inventor
Why Bitcoin's Price Has Stayed Above $50,000
The Unhashed Podcast: Tickle Me Softly
FIAT Money As Soon As Crypto Takes Over:
Anyone use Bybit in US using VPN? Is it easy to do? What con service?
I feel I need to appologize
BTC Whales about to pump SNM
High miner fee? Transferred $15 worth of bitcoin from the Coinbase app and i’m seeing this. Other times it would show much smaller amounts for the fee on a small transaction (around a couple cents).
Likelihood of a 51% attack on the network?
BTC Whales about to pump SNM Hard
BTC Whales about to pump SNM, over 50Bitcoins will go onto SNM in the next 24hours guys be ready to make profit
Investing 50K USD as a business what exchange or site would yield us the most BTC?
B2Broker Continues to Work Hard to Deliver a Full Suite of Technology and Liquidity Solutions
Interview: Understanding The Bitcoin Market With Glassnode’s Rafael Schultze-Kraft
Current list of merchants accepting BTC in 2021?
Transferring from hardware wallet to another hardware wallet
Question
Bitcoin rally this year is the start of going mainstream, not a bubble, says investor Bill Miller
is yahuiglobal scam or legit??
First Bank Caps Remittances in Bid to Block Kimchi Premium Opportunists
Where to buy bitcoin using my bank account (PLAID)
kinda like dogecoin people
kinda like shitcoinerts
Spotted earlier inside Oxford Circus’ tube station in London, UK
CryptoSwap Finance - possible 100x returns after products launch in May. Check this out and join today!
How can I create a transaction with a complex spending condition?
Daily Crypto News | 20.04.2021
Preview of new LNbits extension StreamerCopilot 💪 🚀 🚀 🚀 ...works with OBS to enable bitcoin tips, animations and webhooks in video streaming
Can we add a sticky about what isn't bitcoin?
Anybody know if this is possible?
Unconfirmed transactions with low fee
Communist Party of Cuba Suggests Including Cryptocurrencies as an Alternative to Deal With Economic Crisis
Despite Hash Rate Drop, Surge In Transaction Fees, Bitcoin Is Resilient
A common misunderstanding about why keeping your coins on an exchange is dangerous...
Is there a way to send Bitcoin to a given address without using Coinbase, and ideally from Fiat?
Biden Administration Developing Cryptocurrency Regulation — Treasury to Provide Direction to SEC – Regulation Bitcoin News
Doge
The energy FUD fallacy: Energy -&gt; Security reverse causation fallacy
With the bull train chugging along full speed, its almost hard to imagine a scenario where we go into another crypto winter. What would it take to?
The True Power Of Bitcoin To Change The World Is Via ....Charity!
Need help recovering my Bitcoin. Made a mistake and transferred my BCH to BTC address. Any way I can recover my funds? Please help!
Mine BTC on your phone!?
It really be like that though...
I volunteer to let one of my bitcoins go for $69,420 so we can officially make this price happen today
Hello
What are your thoughts on BTC dominance falling so dramatically the last 5 months?
This is your chance to trade bitcoin
Leaving
🚀leaving orbit
BTCUSD Forecast using previous cycles... [UPDATE]
Trustwallet
Give to charity, win bitcoin, + stuff?
Do you wanna learn how to actually grow your Bitcoin?? Hit me up with a text and I’ll show you how I do it
Finally Doge starts to die
When will the bitcoin fee normalize?
Hash Rate Geocoding, I am going to ask a couple associates to provide "Hash Rate by Geocode" data, think about it.
Safemoon coin
Buying crypto during a dip?
Tax questions
Despite Hash Rate Drop, Surge In Transaction Fees, Bitcoin Is Resilient
Low fee
Fees
Bitcoin’s Millionaire Wallets (100-10,000 BTC) Back to Accumulating Following Dump Just Before ATH Hit
Question
[Published my first Article] 10 ICO AND CRYPTOCURRENCY MARKETING STRATEGIES [Feedback welcome]
And it cuts like a knife...
Pricing Bitcoin Using Simple Quantity Theory of Money
Help! Accidentally sent USDT to a different Bitcoin wallet. Coinbase impossible to reach.
How long until txns get cancelled?
buy bitcoin
Let's speculate mentaility, not money
Interview: Austin Hill On Blockstream, Open Source And Privacy
NYDIG Bought The Recent Bitcoin Dip, Indicates Other Institutions Are Doing The Same
GBTC ON A TEAR
Best Cloud Mining 2021 - New user get 3 TH/S (BTC) Hash Rate For Free! Accept PayPal
What has happened to Bitcoin in recent days
Question
This is your chance to trade bitcoin.
Don’t fall for the F.U.Ð articles; they’re literally pushed by people trying to trick you into selling your ₿itcoin to companies like theirs
Visualizing the Power Consumption of Bitcoin Mining
Bitcoin is great but...
cartel mining - is it a threat to cryptos?
Good beginner asic mining rig
Need some advice for old purchase.
Keep calm and HODL my friends. Merry Kushmas 🎅🏾🌄🌲🔐
It's time for the cryptocurrency myth to take a break
My thoughts on venmo.
Crypto Brief - April 20th 2021 - Christophe Barraud
Why I bought another 1k worth of BTC yesterday
Salut
Much wow
Salut
Shapeshift Reveals Platform Supports Unwrapped Swaps via Thorchain With No KYC
Canada’s DMG Blockchain Acquires 3,600 Bitcoin Mining ASICs
BCH withdrawal issue
How much have you put into Bitcoin and earned from it?
Does anyone know what this bitcoin logo is (minus the watermelon)
Student Coin Bonus: Sxaenps10e - Hurry not much time left!
Bitcoin Miami 2021 After Party
How to check how much leverage is on the market?
Crypto Porfolios
en este link pueden ganar btc y nbn rapido y facil y pueden apostar para ganar btc y bnb https://betfury.io/?r=606e25a2210c7a550be2b475 y ganan un 20 porciento de lo perdido
NYDIG Bought The Recent Bitcoin Dip, Indicates Other Institutions Are Doing The Same
Has anyone lost their message thingy?
Did I just screw myself with BTC cash?
If we are so sure that Bitcoin will be the future, why have more institutions not scooped it up?
Dale's Promo Codes — Referred by me
Installieren Sie den CryptoTab-Browser und verdienen Sie zusätzlich Geld, indem Sie ihn ganz normal verwenden. Während Sie wie üblich YouTube-Videos aufrufen, die Nachrichten lesen oder soziale Netzwerke nutzen, können Sie echte Bitcoins verdienen.
Trying to get into Bitcoin, what's the usual cost for a mining rig?
Is This Guy a Scam?
I feel like this a dumb question but I couldn’t find any solid info on google. Is their any swap websites that work on the BCH blockchain similar to uniswap or pancake swap?
Old newbie
what do you think EOS?
Lo-Fi Beats to Stack Bitcoin to (AKA Saylorwave)
Bitcoin Blues / Blockchain Funk - our father and son music project during coronavirus lockdown!
Recovering lost wallet
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Dark Lord of Crypto ' before its swooped up!
Over the weekend, the historically largest value of daily BTC Longs, worth $ 4.9 billion, was liquidated
Why I Would Not Vote For A Bitcoin Party
My transfer has been stuck since Friday morning.
Massive Bitcoin exchange outflows over last couple days
should i invest my random $700 that i have left over ?
Passive Income - Effortlessly
When the DogeFlop happened
One BTC hodler wins 650 BITCOINS! Must have 1 BITCOIN to win!! Please Read Description
I am trying to register for Binance but it is not available in the USA
Canada’s DMG Blockchain Acquires 3,600 Bitcoin Mining ASICs
Why I Would Not Vote For A Bitcoin Party
CryptoSwap Finance – new, great potential DeFi project with low market cap and supply. Five products launching in May/June 2021. Hidden GEM!
CryptoSwap Finance – new, great potential DeFi project with low market cap and supply. Five products launching in May/June 2021. Hidden GEM!
Time to Mine question
Intelligent Cryptocurrency
What will happen to bitcoin/crypto currencies when quantum computers are fulllu developped and functional?
is it worth investing a small $700 to buy my first bitcoin?
🚀Airdrop: Nifdo (NFD) 💰Join: 5 NFD 👥Referral: 2 NFD Distribution is FREE!!
Daily Bitcoin News April 19th, 2021
Hahahaha.... Bitcoin
Since CBDCs have been in the news so much lately, this is a must-read for the true Bitcoin believer.
Bitcoin vs Dogecoin
Sussex attraction becomes first in UK to accept cryptocurrency
can i get 1 dollar worth of bitcoin?
$3000 in BTC for video memes on Indian crypto
E-toro
How to mine Chia
Ethereum has defi protocols that enable ETH users to earn passive income via APY. Would it be a big boon to Bitcoin HODLers if they earn APY on their Bitcoin as well? I'm not referring to using wrapped Bitcoin (WBTC) on Ethereum, etc. I'm referring to Bitcoin that never leaves the bitcoin blockchain
Qoinpto Return
In what ways control of payment systems have resulted in control of online content?
In what ways control of payment systems have resulted in control of online content?
Join to the vigor comunity
Will you have to owe money if the stock dips too low? If yes, then who do we owe?
Hey guys, just available: my analysis of today! F You Money! episode #31.
Instead of competing with Amazon, a Bitcoin bro realized his local shops were just competing against each other with their own sites. He built an extension that pulls together inventory from 1,000+ stores so locals can shop them at the same time.
I just visited an exchange I used 3 years back
I need help with paying for a pornhub premium account i can pay you cashapp for a month and your time
3 million subs channel promotes Bitcoin as one of the top 5 investments
Have you seen my $69,420?
Restarting your bitcoin legacy
Dip
What’s Preventing Crypto Payments from Entering the Mainstream?
The 5 Best Investments That Will Make You Rich
Biden Administration Developing Cryptocurrency Regulation — Treasury to Provide Direction to SEC
Does anyone had experience with btcthinker.com ?
WeWork To Accept And Transact With Bitcoin
🤔 People will get their private keys tattooed on their body, which maybe 2 or 3 digits mixed up or swapped out..that only they know.
New DeFi giant coming in May? Crypto project worth of our attention in coming month.
Venmo Adds Cryptocurrency Support!
in what ways control of payment systems have resulted in control of online content??
in what ways control of payment systems have resulted in control of online content??
WeWork To Accept And Transact With Bitcoin
Why China’s Shift in Tone on Bitcoin Is a Major Event for the Industry
Invest securely in on this platform and earn additional 5% of whatever you make
Bitcoin: 5 Signs The BTC Bull Market Has Legs
What are your HODL plans through the next bear market?
[MEME ALERT] Other crypto potential ?
I built a pretend cryptocurrency trader that helps you deal with FOMO
Will Taproot address the issue Kevin O’Leary harps on about when it comes to “blood coins from China?”
The Picture has a thousand words
69,666 on 4-20 in Canada!!
The #FYouMoney! Show is back with episode #31. Watch my analysis of today after the storm of the last few days. All you should know about the current price action. 👇Check it out here👇
New History of Bitcoin Videos (Years 11 &amp; 12)
Top five tips for new Bitcoin (BTC) investors
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
Green wallet
Transaction fees
sell bit coin
SEC: It would be a foolish thing for the government to ban bitcoin
Is Bitcoin Mining destroying the world?
Happy 04/20, folks!
END DAY
Referrals
Yummy
PREPARE FOR UPCOMING DIP
The retail habit cultivated by the fall of Bitcoin, maybe we should panic
Hodl
There is no replacement for a regular Bitcoin.
Prepare for the dip, ready those limit orders
This is the golden rule of Bitcoin, time in the market is always beats timing the market keep those hands strong!💪
Nobody can stop Bitcoin, from loosing its momentum.
Austrália, governo e blockchain
This comment didn’t age well
This was the cause of today's dip..
Okay I had to post this.... Indeed the dream.
My first good meme coin that I finally made some decent money off of :') #MOONBUD
bitcoin on paypal
So we had more extra FUD today. Don't sell your coins!
Help
Investment Manager Guggenheim Warns of ‘Major Correction’ in Bitcoin
Help with Lightning network
Institutional algos learning?
Purpose
Have a transaction unconfirmed for days
Meme
I just lost a lot of money. For the second time.
History repeats itself
I wonder where this lady is now..
'I'm so scared, I better paper nutsack my position to the long term platinum ballsacks.' Seriously this doesn't take any brain cells to see where this triple peak is going. Maybe not today, maybe not tomorrow, but some day...
I am going to hodl, but
35% of hash rate went down because of a coal mine flood in Xinjiang
Anyone notice the Bitcoin bounty in Falcon and the Winter Soldier Ep.3?
Lol
Help (new)
The only time I have ever heard Andreas Antonopoulos predict the price of Bitcoin
dogecoin-qt with auto syncing through docker partial WIP**
Bitinfocharts source
I am a big seller and hacker from Darkweb..I got valid Dumps +pins,Cc,Cvv,Fullz and Bank logs with high balance of 9800$ and can be Cashout throughout the ATM ...at cool price Hit me now let’s deal Telegram @Markdumps20 Textnow@(234) 386-4065
What’s that old warren buffet quote
Massive fee? I used trust wallet to move about $30 worth of bitcoin, did I pay this $514.22 fee? Thanks for the help.
After the debate, what do people think of China's upcoming gold backed stablecoin project?
If scammers want to play they have to pay.
Thank you JP
Don’t worry guys I panic sold some at 53, so it’s going to go back up now, your welcome.
If scammers want to chat they have to pay!
Distributing the coin
There's No Going Back, Matthew Ryan Herget, Watercolor, 2021
The Mutually Parasitic Relationship Between Dogecoin and Brands
Don’t let them fool you.....
What are people's current BTC holdings in this subreddit? Mine is BTC 0.21. Just in the interest of community sharing, what's yours (if you're comfortable disclosing)?
Be careful, Bitcoin and other coins will drop not if, but WHEN the bull market comes.
Use EIDL to Buy Bitcoin?
For all the noobs: When (not if) this bull market crashes, almost every coin including Bitcoin will drop by 80-90% in value. Don't fall for the "this time is different" argument. It's not
$3.00 worth of Ampleforth for survey on Coinbase
Bitcoin dominance falling issue
FUD creeping in...
What exchanges/sites have low trading fees for buying and selling?
Wise words
Bitcoin: Where are we and where are we heading? | Son of Crypto
#xrp
#xrp
6 Prominent Bitcoin Scalability Problems and How They Affect Its Full Scale Adoption
I decided to take a bath
Wise words
Wise words
Live stream on YouTube going on . Scam using Social Capital.
Real time transaction fee for bitcoin?
What are some things I can do to feel less broke
South Korean Government Seeks to Regulate International Remittances Related to Crypto ‘Kimchi Premium’
Scam on YouTube live feed now !
Phone Giant Deutsche Telekom Invests in Celo's Crypto Network
Shakepay Card - Earn bitcoin, not reward miles
Will the IMF add BTC to the SDR basket in October?
JP and now this, almost like they want it to drop.
Austrália, governo e blockchain
For Btc Believers
Delisting Coinbase, IOTA's Upgrade, Money Printing To Intensify + More News
Crypto is like Fight Club...
Don't sell your bitcoin
Bitcoin vs Gold: The Great Debate with Michael Saylor and Frank Giustra
April 30th.....
What did the 5 fingers say to the face? $ B A K E D - your next 100x memecoin that's also real :)
What did the 5 fingers say to the face? $ B A K E D - your next 100x memecoin that's also real :)
Ill teach you to cook peruvian food via zoom just for 0.00006 btc ($3,21)
Got FUD? See the pattern here?
Simpsons New Prediction to Bitcoin LOL
I have bit coins for sell .. anyone there who wants to buy I need to clear up some shit urgently .
Michael Saylor vs. Frank Giusta debate.
It’s called a SODL: when you panic sell your HODL token for fiat. Don’t buy the FUD buy the fundamentals. BTC is the hardest money mankind has ever known.
Hodl
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Tools of Sovereignty: Seed Signer - Build Your Own Bitcoin Signing Device
Austrália, governo e blockchain
Received Bitcoin Question?
Bitcoin uses alot of energy however...
Testimony
New to Bitcoin and this sub...
Gold versus Gold debate. Bitcoin forever. Mikey never disappoints.
My Bitcoin net worth is now .005
But Ethereums the Shitcoin🤨
Ballast Dump - we all good.
Just bought $250 more of Bitcoin, doubling down on what I had in it.... to 100k baby!!!
Mainstream
💲What should I buy, Bitcoin or Dogecoin❓
Bold call on bitcoin: Minerd says it could drop 50%
$1.3 Billion worth of Exit Scam by Turkish Crypto Exchange called Thodex. The founder and CEO fleed the country. Use Google Translate.
Bitcoin Transaction Fee
Yeah, whatever
I bought some bitcoin today... What now?
هل الاستثمار في البيتكوين أمن في 2021؟
Sale of MTI Bitcoins in South Africa Briefly Wipes out Premium Buyers
Stuck transaction? Will it go through?
They're going to take it down below $54,000 until...
Sale of MTI Bitcoins in South Africa Briefly Wipes out Premium Buyers
Guggenheim trying their best to get in cheap.
What it feels like to HODL bitcoin to $1,000,000.
Blockchain
The reason bitcoinsl is down
If you are from India and you want to invest... DM me
shoukd I invest in ethereum or bitcoin?
CRDTpay Launches CRDT Wallet To Kickstart All-In-One Complete Banking Ecosystem
Bro... Did JP Morgan shift their Silver Shorts to Bitcoin today?
Saylor VS Giustra BITCOIN VS. GOLD
JPMorgan memo on Bitcoin that is going around
TRANSFAST BTC
5 Notable Bitcoin Wallets For Secure Bitcoin Storage.
It's Summer 2009 and there's a game that rewards Bitcoin... What was it?
Just “lost” my first $100.
My best investment this year
My 2 satoshis pt. 2, or how to survive a boxing match.
JP Morgan isn't getting my coins. Don't let them scare you into selling your either.
This is the newest project of him?
Bitcoins Lightning Network What Is the Purpose?
Warning: CryptoMixer.io = Phishing site
I have some old wallet.dat files with bitcoin and litecoin back from when my dad was mining crypto
Since my post gets downvoted immediately I'll keep reposting it. Does artificially effecting hash rate make a 51% attack more successful through lower difficulty?
JP Morgan
I have some old wallet.dat files back from when my dad was mining crypto
What happens once all the bitcoins are mined?
Guessing this run is over. Down to 20k next according to big banks
Beyond Finance Listing On Ascendex
Bit Digital, Compute North Partner To Drive Sustainable Bitcoin Mining
Friend scammed - 0 confs - can user cancel? no RBF enabled?
More Old Stories?
Unconfirmed for 6 DAYS
CryptoTab Browser !!!!
I am sending you 1π! Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/vjenzz and use my username (vjenzz) as your invitation code.
A good exchange? Non-KYC, Lightning, maker-taker
What do you think of buying Bitcoin using Revolut ?
Bitcoin Deposit still at 0 confirmations after 13 hours...
That's what happens when you fool around with shitcoins
Anybody Else got bitcoin for 420 $ last night?
Look where we made it
How Alpha Homora v2 Will Boost Yield Farmes Gains
Sending bitcoin from blockchain wallet over to betonline. I usually just send around $60 worth at a time. Done this for years. There's an insanely high network fee now?
Soon
🟢 ——-- 🐲🐲 WELCOME 🐲🐲 ——-- 🟢 Released 🐲 MASTER TRADE 🐲 Infinite CMC listed and beyond 🚀CoinMarketCap listed
Ballast Dump - we still all good!!!
Ask yourself
THE BULL RUN IS OVER AAAAA SELL IT SELL IT NOW AAAAAA ITS OVER BitBROS
The real enemy is Fiat currency! I Rather have my money in a doge coin 🐕💎 than in the hands of a filthy flithy banker!!!
Need help!! BTC SCAM or just a lucky Giveaway?
Bit Digital, Compute North Partner To Drive Sustainable Bitcoin Mining
Congrats
Weekly Decentralized Exchange Volumes Near $20B, Uniswap Captures Lion’s Share, Pancakeswap Trading Climbs
Bitcoin vs all
Bitcoin And The Changing Definition Of CPI
Question about BlueWallet and Lightning
Windows defender says honeyminer is not safe
Time to shoot for the Moon!
New investor
Moontoken - Early entry to the moon
Yes
Bitcoinblack
There Is No Death Cross
I'm presenting a newbie friendly introduction to Bitcoin conference at my university here in Mexico
Crypto exchanges
Bitcoin has no top because fiat has no bottom
Anyone interested in splitting the cost of Into The Cryptoverse Premium list ?
Bitcoin Difficulty Adjustment: Can it change via softfork?
I have some old wallet.dat files back from when my dad was mining crypto
Trying to figure out how to open a couple of wallet.dat files my dad had
My crypto Trezor wallet is italian mnemonic seed how do I import
Artificial manipulation of hash rate a problem?
The Case Of Mobile Money In Ghana
Hedgies vs Cryptos
How to earn first money in the internet
How do you get back access to blockchain.com account?
What happens to blockchain if someone wants to do millions of unique meaningless transactions?
Question from a newbie
What We Can Learn From Local Bitcoin Communities
🚨 NFT (CRYPTO CANVASES) NFT 🚨by skeleganza
The Changing Definition Of CPI
Bitcoin's been stalling for 2 months now; looks like getting ready for a nose dive to 40k
Hey check out this cool at NFT !! 🔥🔥🔥🔥 on insta @skeleganza_nft 🚨🚨
Solar + Battery + Bitcoin Mining: How Bitcoin mining could yield more renewable energy providing more reliable power
Getting bitcoin right away?
This is the best online hosting you'll ever see, involving over 5 billion people, a gift from you.
Feels good to be a millionaire!
Klever Airdrop
You will never get paid just for browsing the web — says who? Actually, you can! With CryptoTab Browser you surf the internet and mine bitcoin simultaneously. No investment, no hard work — just pure income. Really, you should give it a try!c
Crypto Brief - April 21st 2021 - Christophe Barraud
Bitcoin vs Gold debate. Michael Saylor and Frank Giustra. Gem of a video.
Question from a newbie
Anybody selling Bitcoin
Nice. Bitcoin sell price of $69,420. Almost nice enough to make me want to sell, but... Not quite. #HODL
7 DEGREES TO ELON???? Is btc pump a ploy to distract us from whats going on behind the curtain???? Are you looking for a Crypto HEDGE??? Here is a theory on connections and links to stories of what is possibly to come. Watch links on this link for clues.
Getting bitcoin or BCH immediately?
Why aren't social media sites doing enough to prevent scams like this? (Image attached)
Reach out and bring me up1
Sent BTC to my Trevor wallet and it still hasn’t confirmed yet(been 12+ hours). Is this normal?
Major Financial Firms Start a Bitcoin Lobby
Free 10$ btc
What We Can Learn From Local Bitcoin Communities
The great Bitcoin debate live.
This is the best electronic portfolio you'll ever see for investment and transfer directly to a bank or a bank card.
Michael Saylor and Frank Giustra Live Debate
Is Bitcoin being shorted ?
Saylor V. Giustra (Bitcoin V. Gold)
Softbank-Backed Wework Adopts Crypto as Form of Payment and Holds in Balance Sheet
Facebook-Backed Crypto Diem Updates Launch Plan — Will Take a ‘Phased Approach’
Investor Note Reveals RIT Capital Has Acquired Stake In Kraken
Baillie Gifford Invests $100 Million In Blockchain.com
Bitcoin available
THANK YOU TO THOSE WHO SELL
BTC FLATLINE 🙃
Are there other fee-reducing technologies coming after Taproot? If not, what's the plan for addressing usage growth after that?
CryptoTab Browser - Lightweight, fast, and ready to mine!
New Platform Pi
Why is Bitcoin difficulty adjusted every two weeks and not , say , every block ?
Why is difficulty adjusted every two weeks and not , say , every block ?
Pullback getting you down? Remember to zoom out.
Why is difficulty adjusted every two weeks and not , say , every block ?
4 Weeks &amp; No Update From Federal Reserve On Money Supply
🦮🦴🚀
Several polls indicate that between 16 and 20 percent of Turkish citizens used or owned cryptocurrencies in 2020
Transfer time for Coinbase Pro to Trezor
The myths and truths about Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies before investing
Banking on the future of crypto assets
The five myths and truths about Bitcoin and cryptocurrencies before investing
Very long synchronization with bitlycore and bitwallet wallets
Bitcoin could plunge 50% ??? Scam?
Transaction fees and lightning?
I suspect that we're the victim of a spam attack again like in 2017
BTC transfer from Exodus to Coinbase stuck in "pending" with one confirmation for 4 days
Of course they say that
$25 Free BTC
New episode of the #FYouMoney! Show is available! Check my analysis on the current #Bitcoin #BTC price action. 😎👇
Up to the moon! Lets buy NOW
Can anyone explain what the difference is between Chinese/British digital currencies and then the regular Yen/Pound. Will it just work off the blockchain?
Bitcoin developers are rude, selfish and ignorant.
My 5 satoshis, or what I would like someone have told me before I got into trading
The absurdity of the legacy financial system: Canadian Edition
Are Bitcoins And Other Cryptocurrencies The Next Swiss Bank Accounts?
BTC Chart Observations
First Foundation Partners With NYDIG To Provide Bitcoin Access To Clients
Investor Note Reveals RIT Capital Has Acquired Stake In Kraken
This price though... 😁...
Lightning Node "Show and Tell" - Show off and Learn from others
This is surely a sign for something...
$69,420 here in Canada :)
Buying Bitcoin With Strike &amp; Taxes
Btc payment stuck
I just received this lovely message from the sweet folks who manage my retirement account, alerting me to the fact that my Money Market account returns will soon go negative. How long before they provide a Bitcoin fund option?
i will do facebook marketing and create business page
Bee network invite code bradytremblett
Support donation on youtube
"BITCOIN w-as i nv---ented by .-t-h.e /U S... .gov-.-.ern.-.me.nt- !
BITCOIN DIPS!
NatWest will refuse to serve business customers who accept cryptocurrencies
Hey Babe!
How to buy bitcoin
Accidentally gave coinbase address and not coinbase wallet address
Baillie Gifford Invests $100 Million In Blockchain.com
HODLing Bitcoin No Matter What Is Your Superpower. Use it fully to become an anonymous hero and change the world of the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pjInEbXLgrw&amp;t=508s
When will bitcoin fees go down?
What happens as bitcoin is lost?
Bitcoin The Greatest
Okay, I want to use LN to avoid big fees
I'm just gonna spend my entire check w/o research on crypto ok thanks
Cheap mining rig?
With the permission and forgiveness of everyone here🙏
I don’t know why...
Silly Fish
Help Islamically
Is Bitcoin more stable than Doge coin?
Would you quit driving up the fee prices??
Bitcoin will moon in May in my opinion, and this is why
Baillie Gifford invests in Blockchain
Since Turkey’s central bank announced to ban crypto payments, the Turkish Lira lost 1.5% against the US Dollar and 2% against the Euro
what to do with bitcoin hodling?
Softbank-Backed Wework Adopts Crypto as Form of Payment and Holds in Balance Sheet
Square Makes The Case For Clean Energy Bitcoin
Bitcoin Optech #145: Lightning Network Offers, Taproot And More
Bitcoin wallet
Saylor vs Giustra Debate......Your Thoughts?
HSBC: Ban coinbase due to crypto’s role in money laundering and criminal activity. Also HSBC: launder more than $880 million for a network of drug kingpins, including “El Chapo.”
Is the ELLIPAL Titan safe?
Bitcoin is Key to an Abundant, Clean Energy Future
Excellent 2 minute Video On Why Bitcoin Matters in More Ways Than Just Investing
I wanted a quick way to go somewhere and figure out what the hell is Bitcoin Doing at a glance
First Foundation Partners With NYDIG To Provide Bitcoin Access To Clients - Bullish!
END DAY
Dumped a bunch of random altcoins into hydra yesterday for funzies, next day everything else dumps
I LOVE THIS
Veterans try to calm the newcomers down
1CrKzB1HbY7S6JKxvRK5zZfCHe2SaVQ4PL
yk what to do
Help! My mom casually brought up that she has a couple of bitcoins she bought when they were worth a couple of dollars, but she forgot about them.
Why selling could actually make sense right now:
Bitcoin hashrate is finally recovering - Miners are finally back online?
Looking for any more signals to buy, this is it...
Bitcoin-8m - Upgraded version 1MB block size to 8MB
What happens to the price of bitcoin when GBTC depreciates in value?
Saw the dip and immediately got on the phone
Perspectivas blockchain
Buy the dips!!!
Green Bitcoin - CHIA
My Moon
6 Prominent Bitcoin Scalability Problems and How They Affect Its Full Scale Adoption
Bitcoin 101 – What It Is And Why You Should Care
If you can't handle red days, you'll never see the green
DCA’rs, have you increased your spend?
Would be interesting if LTC and ETH broke the 50 ma too 👀
I’ve waited too long to buy in and I finally did it. I feel this is an excellent price point. Maybe..
Thanks for the discount Mr Biden!
Are you panicking or taking this as a great sale/opportunity to buy? 🤑
This article provides an engaging introduction to the block scaling issues that many people appear unconcerned about. #Bitcoinblocksizematters
Silver lining: Why don’t we celebrate the fact that Bitcoin is only down by 7% right now while most alts are down 15-30+%
HODL
Buy and hold, now is the best time!
Resisting the urge
On the new US Capital gains proposal...
Seems likely ?
Just bought $100 more on sale
Buy Bitcoin now and hold!!!
Bought $500 at $55,000 do I still HODL? :,(
Where is the infamous Bitcoin Pizza Guy?
How I trade BITCOIN in a downtrend-
How it feels
Investing in crypto safe way
If you're panicking about the dip give this a read! Posted 2 months ago and is pretty much spot on with what's happening!
I understand the black out on the 18th April made the prices drop but what is the reason for the current situation?
Bought $500 at $55,000 do I still hodl 😭
Dont Panic!
I bought $500 at $55,000. Do I still HODL? 😭
We all believe in this and have made it this far - stand your ground, not another yard!
POV from newbie to newbies
I bought $500 at $55,000 do I still hodl? 😭
New tablet for trading
Owning Bitcoin is like riding a rollercoaster driven by a psycho clown who keeps looking back to see if you've pissed your pants.
Why is Bitcoin falling so much and will it recover?
Bought some at 55K, I must hold
Sold 2/3 of my BTC position....
Owning Bitcoin is like riding a rollercoaster driven by a psycho clown driver who keeps looking back to see if you've pissed your pants.
Bought a full bitcoin at 63k
Deutsche Boerse to delist Coinbase from Xetra and Frankfurt trade
Whenever the banks throw dirt on Bitcoins name for money laundering, just play this clip.
Gracias a Biden los principiantes están vendiendo por pánico, la gente no sabe que bitcoin es intocable, como se los explicamos de forma que entiendan?
Hallelujah Hallelujah BUYING DIPS BUYING DIPS
Large Companies Buying Bitcoin To Sway The Market.
Perspectivas blockchain
Long on bitcoin?
Too soon youtube
So I decided to finally spend some Bitcoin seeing how easy it was to buy something at Lowes using the Gemini Pay app
High volume right now. Lots of people buying the dip
weee!!!
Options expire tomorrow
Crazy
BEARCOIN TO 38K!!!!! BEAR MARKET TIME!!!!! SHORT THIS BEAR MFER!!!!! LETS GOOOOOO!
BUY DIPS - HODL RIPS
Noob question - very high network fee
You’re gonna wish you bought more
Hope everyone Got the sell Signal!! I Told you guys to get Cryptodivine weeks ago!!
How did Bitcoin change your life?
Verification
BTFD
We headed to 45k in next week or two as next resistance level. Buckle up!
Price falling is over, now we start to build back towards 53-55
This Bitcoin Dip has something really good, It's pulling down all other coins down with itself. no safe heaven for anyone. Get in Bitcoin train because recovery speed for your shitcoins going to take a while :)
As the price corrects below 50k
Bitcoin correction just in time for payday tomorrow.
PSA: Sell if you want, but please don't sell with the intention of 'buying back in'.
Whales filling up there bags
What is happening to BTC???
Why Bitcoin Plunged Sharply??
Guys please help..
What a ride!!!
Should I buy right now?
Another small drop!
Looking for help
Buy Doge
Bitcoin dropping like crazy!!!
Reminder: The US Dollar has lost its purchasing power by 2500% in over 100 years
Worried thinking about bailing
Hilarious Selloff and I Don't Give an F Whats Causing it...
New low let’s go!!!!
Stay Strong Everyone! Hopefully dips are fine :)
Fire sale
Sorry guys
You paper handed fks
Flydoge is preparing to go to the moon Follow me before it's too late🌍🚀🚀🚀🚀🌛
Real talk: how many hours does Michael Saylor spend every day talking about BTC?
Armitage on poloniex rn :)
Bear Market
What do you think about localbitcoin.com?
Bitcoin price drop this week followed the weak stock market performance
ARMITAGE ON POLONIEX RN!!
Coinbase and coinbase pro...
why does binance show me a different price than what it said i bought my bitcoin for?
FlyDoge is continuously preparing to fly higher at this point. 1. Continue development for game launch 2. Completion of application for CMC and CoinGecko 3. Announced plans for the 30% of total volume Burning and team volume locking up 4. Create and release of new memes on daily basis Until the mo
Btc margin call, if anyone did a margin call at $61 price tag and looses their money at $50k. Is it all over or there is still a chance to recover and go above 61k soon?
Got into bitcoin this morning..
GUIDE: how to turn any USB flash drive into a secure hardware wallet with Electrum and Exodus
🛑After the great success of DOGECOIN, we are launching DIGICOIN, its new major competitor 💯 !! Enter now to be one of the first ... 💰 🔥 💹 💹
Created Gemini Account, but no SSN asked
Why hasn’t my transaction gotten purged from the Mempool yet?
I lost my carr
This afternoon I contemplated selling some bitcoin for the first time in four and a half years. Put some thought into it, and I just bought some more instead lol
Robinhood warns of fuckery. Intrusions? What are those?
Dogecoin Pump Group Run by a Bunch of Cute Asian Girls on Facebook Responsible For Jump
I lost my house
Switching Exchanges
This tweet from 2011
BTC with Tesla?
Buy the dips!!!
Another powercut...?
FlyDoge is continuously preparing to fly higher at this point.
why binance show me a different price than what it said i bought my bitcoin for?
Do you know the differences between WEBD and BTC?
FlyDoge is continuously preparing to fly higher at this point. 1. Continue development for game launch 2. Completion of application for CMC and CoinGecko 3. Announced plans for the 30% of total volume Burning and team volume locking up
Realistically what do you see bitcoin dropping to?
CRASHHHHHHHHHH
Sub $50k?
Downward?
yall need to start smokin weed and chill the fuck out
It’s a bloody sight to behold.
$SHIBArmy Want You!
We lost a lot in value in crypto today thanks to Biden and his wanna to tax big investors with 39% on gains just at the federal level. If it happens people will be moving to Puerto Rico where under act 22 you pay zero taxes on crypto and stocks or they will be heading to states with no state taxes
Bitcoin is dipping. Are you going to buy more or just hodl?
Please be careful with your wallets. Found this gem today in my mailbox. Very well written.
Regardless of Their Prices, Is Coinbase Legit?
Gift your friends a few sats and bust the IRS's unconstitutional question
Apple a day keeps the doctors away and not looking at your portfolio for a month keeps the heart rate stead...ay
If I were to transfer 50 cents worth of bitcoin from one wallet to another, how much would I be left with after fees?
I Sold Crypto to Buy More Bitcoin
Start earning today
Analyst Predicts 50 Percent Drop in Bitcoin Value
ELI5 why pulling funds off exchanges is good.
Cathie Wood’s ARK says Bitcoin could help fight climate change
Friend gave me “beat”coins for my birthday
Join our debt free community
Best place to buy Bitcoin ?
Tick-tock...
Will Bitcoin ever go up again ?
"Attention shoppers. For your convenience we now have a sale in aisle $52k on Bitcoin! Please, limit one coin at this price. Hurry, as the sale is time limited, prior to leaving for aisle $100k. Thank you, and please no jostling or pushing as you make your way down the aisle."
Help me stop tax hike .. 39.6% capital gains tax is wrong.
If you are here to make money and you sold, have fun being poor.
Can you belive this restaurant in LA acceptd BTC in 2013
Anchor Protocol?
Anyone else getting worried that Ethereum will eat Bitcoin?
I made a meme....
Is this a good price to buy in at right now? Please tell me a good number thank you!!
Help! I'm panicking! Should I sell my bitcoin?
Don't miss out on the next big thing
How to estimate/get network fees via mempool.space API?
After a bitcoin crackdown, China now calls it an ‘investment alternative’ in a significant shift in tone
Bitcoin “sell off”? Or just a Big Trade?
new to crypto
Remember on days like today... Bitcoin is a savings technology meant to transfer wealth from high time preference to Low time preference.
NEW SHOW "BIG CRYPTO GAINS"
psa - safemoon is a scam and i have proof
Funds stuck on Blockchain.com due to high fees
Dogecoin Is a Joke, but...
How to get insane in 1 minute
Does bitcoin stock count as well
So Long
$BTC crash or correction?
Craig Wright has made copyright infringement claims against Bitcoin.org, lol
London court allows Craig Wright to serve bitcoin copyright claim
Don’t fall for it
Be smart! Sell while it’s high!
I love it when it gets cheep to buy! Should I wait a bit more or buy now???
QuadrigaCX Scam
That's digital yuan NOT bitcoin.
Is this Beginning!? Upwork and Fiver Considers Cryptocurrency Payments.
Free Bitcoin Lottery, Bitcoin savings wallet, Bitcoin faucet.
I love Bitcoin sales :)
Who the f**ck do they think they are?? I have my business account at this bank and I about to close it as soon as it is possible. I suggest you to do the same if you already haven't
Investing weekly is adding up!
Why should I buy bitcoin instead of the others coins,since they value more than btc?
How to know if you should sell or hold?
If you're new to Bitcoin, a bear market is exact what you want.
Scammer here
BitcoinOldSchoolKool
Webull
Webull
Reminder: do the opposite of what your brain tells you to do
It’s okay
I need some guidance
paper wallet question
I’m confused - someone help please
entire crypto assets are screwed up.
Hi everyone, if you want to multiply your money, sign up at this link and open a trade, fold your money
"BITCOIN" ZanMan Trippin
Could I get some guidance please?
nice.
Anonymous Dogecoin Holder Donates Profits to a Dog Shelter in Florida
Why You Shouldn't Hedge Against Bitcoin With Stocks
ZanMan Trippin "Bitcoin"
🚀🍀 ATTENTION ASTRONAUTS! I PRESENT TO YOU: THE UNHEARD-OF HIDDEN GEM 🦄🚀 DEFI | ICO (Serious Project – Insane Potential – See Whitepaper for Yourself)
What are you waiting for now!!
How much do you think Biden’s tax announcement today actually impacted the crypto market, as opposed to the traditional stock market?
Do you think it will be lower 2 days before the options expire on April 30th?
Don’t. Don’t you dare selling.
HODLers on this thread be like
Let's goo
Chinas power shortage, btc crashing
What happens if BTC goes under 50k?
Birthday
Are transactions still super slow?
Bitcoin energy usage: the real picture
Plan 'D' by the Federal Reserve
What does everyone think of the rainbow logarithmic analysis? I know TA has it faults but it definitely looks pretty.
Buy when there's blood in the street
Relax little grasshopper
Some quick Questions from a newbie
Be patient my fellow newcomers!
Scam Alert
BITCOIN ATM!!
Satoshi &lt; Bitcoin
Why did Bitpay partner with Mastercard for its credit card? What is the value in the Mastercard network?
Will the price ever get back to 60k ?
Crypto Portfolio Tracker
Guess BTC is second fiddle now - this random currency went from 0.009/coin to a market cap that exceeds bitcoins! Not sus at all!
Take the joy in cloud mining together. No need to deploy mining rigs, you can start mining right away by purchasing hashrate! Sign up with my referral link, you can receive 5T*3 hashrate as gift.
Do NOT buy bitcoin, it's going to crash...
Bitcoin private key finder
My mom just sent me this
Fast Bitcoin recovery
Bought into Bitcoin for the first time today when it fell. Excited to be on board!
Bitcoin (BTC) returned to $60,000 on April 10 as a bout of long overdue volatility hit the market in line with analysts' expectations. "Being a bear is expensive"TradingView showed a sudden push allowing BTC/ USD to exit the $50,000 corridor overnight on Friday.
The Best Books to Get a Greater Understanding of Bitcoin
#XRP price's journey to $1 this year has been nothing short of spectacular, considering the ongoing Securities and Exchange Commission's lawsuit against #Ripple initiated in December 2020.
The media is trying to show the bitcoin as new coal. Everything uses energy we all know this. My fear is that the media has the power and haters are with them. What is your prediction about this hype around carbon footprint of bitcoin mining. Will media fade this bullrun ?
Objective Opinion on the Dip
Bitcoin has Good days and bad days, We are in bad days for now. its not first time i post this. Just chill everybody
Legends of Crypto (LOC): Making Waves in the Crypto Gaming Space
Interview: Sustainable Bitcoin Mining In North America With Peter Wall
Watching order book on Binance
Finally investing, excited to start the BTC journey!
I still think it’s way too high for what it is and on top of that think of the Mining people like the bank check the address though ya that who’s handling all of your transactions let that sink in
With the drop to 51.5 I ended up buying some more bitcoin! Finally at .1 bitcoin. Slowly but surely! 💪
Future of Money is anything the people back!
What Bitcoin app is this?
Today's Sudden Bitcoin Crash
The Best Bitcoin Trade Strategy from 2011-2021!
Square Defends Bitcoin as ‘Green’ - Citi Disagrees
Why’s bitcoin down? Any news pls?
I think if you let me say what I wanna say and you stop saying things that are not true you know she want to lie down she’s been up dancing this whole year I gotta use subliminal because you don’t like that
Bitcoin Custody
UNREALISTIC SCENARIO... but let’s talk about it for fun. 😜
I think she about to stop drop and roll
this always happens
Capital gains tax question for UK (ISA)
I got a feeling we’re going to see that 38 36 Very soon
I need weed for my cat , can anyone spare some crypto to make my day 😅
HAI Listing on a Top Exchange — DONE!
Turkish bitcoin broker with over $2 billions goes offline and CEO disappears
BTC mining
How Bitcoin Mining Can Catalyze Solar Development w/ Max Webster
https://news.bitcoin.com/craig-wrights-law-firm-granted-permission-from-high-court-to-serve-bitcoin-org-operator-cobra/
Is MoonSafe the way to go?
Bitcoin's hash rate set to regain loss as Xinjiang miners gradually resume operations
what do you think. would it be bullish or bearish for bitcoin, if we knew who satoshi nakamoto is?
How u can buy bitcoin
Is anybody else having trouble with ridiculously long wait time to confirm bitcoin transactions?
Confused on what exchange has the better fees? (US)
what to do with the shoulda, woulda, couldas in crypto
How to transfer btc from binance to mycelium.
On Capital Gains
BTC price dip and stock market drop caused by politicians threatening to "double capital" gains tax!
Why You Shouldn't Hedge Against Bitcoin With Stocks
Dip! Dip! Potato Chip!
Why is everbody so bearish about Bitcoin?
just close your eyes
Bitcoin is on sale! Grab it before the sale ends! $100k this year is happening!
Imagine selling your BTC right now for Fiat...
Bitcoin Audible: Read_519 - The Key to an Abundant, Clean Energy Future [Square &amp; ARKinvest]
Double your BTC in 24hours
Kind of wished I sold when it was at $64,000
I don’t have a Hardware Wallet to store my btc after I buy this discount. Any recommendations?
What do you think about the President-select's proposed doubling of the capital gains tax?
Don’t panic it’s just a sale... again
Short of the century BTC hit its targets and look so risky
Dip a lil tiny more so i can buy more BTC😭
Craig Wright’s Law Firm Granted Permission from High Court to Serve Bitcoin.org Operator Cobra
Olympia Trust, Knox Partner On Bitcoin Custody Service
Thoughts on today’s dip?
Bitcoin collapse?
Coinbase Pro Total Investment
Why did you buy bitcoin if you were just gonna sell it when the price drops?
Newbie
END DAY
I see more posts about telling people not to panic about the dip than people panicking.
You cAn never replace a dollar with something very volatile.
Bitcoin encourages hard work
Cryptocurrency Now Accepted at Healing Hands of Nebraska
Buy BTG on Binance. You can get 10% without risk.
Who do you guys trust for crypto info?
SEC has to Decide on VanEck Bitcoin ETF soon
The day before MicroStrategy first bought Bitcoin (August 10, 2020) was the last day gold traded above $2,000/oz. It's down ~15% since then. Bitcoin is up 5x.
Bitcoin
Why is bitcoin something your interested in?
Mycelium: "Transaction signing failed"
BITCOIN BREAKDOWN - What is Bitcoin and How does it work?
Coinbase is saying - Invalid email, phone or address when Im trying to send tyo TradeOgre....
Simple Table of Exchange Fees and Withdraw Fees
Ok Asian market. Don’t disappoint me tomorrow when I wake up
SAFE RUNE MOON 🚀🚀🚀🔥🔥🔥
3yr high in fee percentage per block while the hashrate dipped before finally normalizing
Blockchain e saúde
Buying large amounts (over 1Mil) using a UK bank?
I guess dreams do come true
To the Moon!
PROPAGANDA AGAINST BTC ESTABLISHES ITS LEGITMACY
It's all downhill from here boys
Chill
Blockfi
HODLing is freaking hard for normal people. Long time HODLers are not 100% luck.
Terrorist Simon ding dong, Faculty @Carnegie Mellon University &amp; the Santa Fe Institute :The ecoterrorists can stay crazy longer than the hodlers can stay solvent?
WARNING🔇
What is the fastest way to cash out USD$100 million of bitcoins at blockchain.com?
My advice to all students and working adults who just got started on Bitcoin
Bitcoin so volatile because retail investors dominate -&gt; institutions wont get in until it get mainstream -&gt; it wont get mainstream until institutions participate -&gt; wtf !@^%$
My father is telling me he just read that Joe Biden is going to ban Bitcoin... Is there any truth to this?
The front page of this sub is just memes...
Bitcoin stuck in translation
Pending Bitcoin Transaction Since 14th Of April
Over $200 billion wiped off cryptocurrency market in a day as bitcoin plunges below $50,000
Correction is over if daily closing will be above 50k?
You don’t need S2F to value Bitcoin
hey guys check this app for bit coin
Issues with plaid
Nigerias P2 P bitcoin trading has INCREASED 27% since the CBN and the government banned it. I THINK THATS SO FUCKING BEAUTIFUL!! One more plus for bitcoin... cant be stopped by authoritarian rulers❤️❤️
This is the newest project of him?
BITCOIN Crash Illustrated
Comedian / Libertarian Candidate Dave Smith gets it.
Linger with the dog is now too boring new favorite mouse mousecoin
Oh no!!! The price of BTC is dropping because of this and that. Who cares? I sure don't, because I am betting on the potential of Bitcoin as a medium of exhange in the long term.
Bitcoin sprite by me
Issue with "bitcoinlib" installation for Windows
BITCOIN EDITION
ETR: The Best Cryptocurrency to Buy Now for Online Casino Fans
Is coinsbank.com still alive?
How would Bitcoin deal with the COVID stimulus packages?
Fuck Biden's tax plan!
"It's all a bunch of play money." - Warren Buffett
Bitcoin explained
Second Turkish Bitcoin Exchange Abruptly Shuts Down, Locking Up Funds
Is the vac passport a attack on crypto?
The guy in this article looks at BTC exactly how someone from the 1920s would have looked at the Visa network if you explained it to them years before it started.
Blockchain e saúde
ATTN! All Bitcoiners
Cryptocurrency prices reel after wild weekend of selling
The guy in this article looks at BTC exactly how someone from the 1920s would have looked at the Visa network if you explained it to them years before it started.
"Hey Siri, crash the crypto markets by raising the capital gains tax rate to 40%"
Listen to the hodlrs
ONLY half way to the top of this bull cycle. 188k
Will cshpp $100 for 75$ in btc (one time thing) need a top up
Today resumed in 4 seconds by Lil Bubble
Bitcoin and China, Bitcoin and environment, chip shortage, and Iran sanctions.
FrankSpeech - Home of FreeSpeech
Crypto.com sold my phone number
Whenever Bitcoin dips, all of my friends want to talk about it but dead silent when it goes on a bull run
So it is possible...?!?
Alternate ending.
If the dollar and bitcoin are both falling simultaneously it will make bitcoin appear as if it is going sideways when measured in dollars.
Can someone explain to me why huge orders have less transaction fees on the blockchain?
BTC to go down between ~$45k to $48k within the next 4 hours to 8 hours
Current Soundtrack🤷‍♂️
Blockchain e saúde
ETR: The Best Cryptocurrency to Buy Now for Online Casino Fans
[WARNING] CryptoMixer.io = Scam
My Satire on ClickBait Trolls! :D
My Satire on ClickBait Trolls! :D
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbsnews.com/amp/news/venmo-bitcoin-investors-cryptocurrency/
Hello guy, found the best forex indicator to trade bitcoin and volatility index
What to do about robinhood?
Today I found a Bitcoin buying station at the Shell gas station (1199 S PINELLAS AVE, 34689) in Tarpon Springs Florida.
Bitconnect
ADOPTION IS HAPPENING. INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES ARE REAL. This is my step father asking about crypto, a classical conservative investor.
How to avoid liquidation?
Thoughts on staking Bitcoin on an exchange?
Does anyone else remember ?
FreiExchange to Coinsquare
You can buy Bitcoin through Venmo
Is Bitcoin going to crash to 40k?
Just Joined The Party
Just minding our own business 🤷‍♂️
The first 10 comments get free sample packs of marijuana and THC gummies by Quad.WTF
Do you want 2.5 Bitcoins a day? This is not a fraud. I speak very seriously
Have a bitcoin 2021 conference ticket
BITCOIN GODS, PLEASE STOP THIS!
Struggling your whole life, then... you finally make a few bucks by buying Bitcoin, and then this @ssh0Le (who took none of the risk) wants to take 40% of it from you.
I wrote a glossary of bitcoin slang phrases, what do you think about it?
HODL!
Struggling your whole life, then... you finally make a few bucks by buying Bitcoin, and then this asshole (who took none of the risk) wants to take 40% of it from you.
Everybody should go buy dentacoin #DCN while the price is HOT 🔥 #HODL
Crypto Tax Question
Is there a platform where I can buy &amp; then instantly withdraw thousands in BTC?
The Quppy Promo: 0 fees
Thank you. Absolutely nailed it!
Creating an account with my friend?
The non-existent energy problem of bitcoin.
how can we create a digital system of money beyond gov control (theoretically)
how can we create a digital system of money beyond government control (theoretically)
Cathie Wood (ARK Invest) on Bitcoin!
One week later and my transaction finally went through
Help me understand? seems pointless to invest unless you have thousands?
*THIS PLATFORM _IS_ 100% REAL AND LEGIT📌📍📌. MY ADVICE IS THAT GIVE IT A TRY AND YOU WILL ALSO PARTAKE IN SHARING YOUR OWN TESTIMONIES💸💵💴💶💰* VISIT OUR GOOGLE VERIFIED PAGE TO KNOW MORE https://peter-mallouk.business.site/ *MANY INVESTORS THOUGHT IT WAS SCAM* *BUT WHEN THEY GAVE IT A TRY THEY
Bitcoin Blockchains
Privilege
Just keep HODLING... 😎👍🏼
bitcoin collateral
Telsa and Bitcoin
U/DryBayou84
"TAKE A LOOK AT THIS!" Getting your friends into Bitcoin like
Anyone of the view that BTC isn’t THE future?
🤦
What should we tell new panicking newbie who’s selling coz of the 25% dip?
BTC's Dip is almost over
Hello everyone, I want to share something really nice. This is CryptoTab Browser. I use it a lot and it can bring you additional profit. You need to try it! Install the browser and start earning Bitcoins by just browsing the web.
How can I use my BTC as down payment on a home and then have it back when I sell the home?
🚀💰 ATTENTION ASTRONAUTS! I PRESENT TO YOU: THE UNHEARD-OF HIDDEN GEM ✌🦄 DEFI | ICO (Serious Project – Insane Potential – See for Yourself) BIG ANNOUNCEMENT INCOMING TONIGHT! Link in the comments
SAFEMOON 🌙
Big bitcoin sell off coming according to the fat ugly man in guganhime
Buying bitcoin
The History of Bitcoin In 3 Minutes!
I met this guy online and he is claiming to help me to get money with crypto
Stop seeing Bitcoin as stocks
HODDDL
[Prediction] How much it'll rise after the dip.
[Prediction] How much it'll rise after the dip
Fans of romance, swashbuckling movie genre cannot miss this!
Hillorie Le Crypto to Riches Review (DO NOT BUY)
BTC as a hedge against inflation
Is there any way to buy Bitcoin with no KYC that is not P2P?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Excited about the bitcoin rising..
Not even half way to the top of this bull run. Buy and Hodl.
Why is Bitcoin valuable at all?
Is it hard to buy crypto, or am I just doing it wrong?
Wallet recommendations
HODL
Money Movement
Banking Solutions for Bitcoin Companies?
Bitfarms To Join Foundry USA Pool, Will Boost Mining Performance Up To 15%
#
Why Bitcoin Is Bad for the Environment
Decided to make this today. Honest opinions appreciated.
HODL
🎬 MOGUL STARS TOKEN IS NOW TRADING ON UNISWAP! 40 million STARS tokens will be distributed 90% of the rewards will be distributed to the STARS_ETH pool and 10% of the rewards will be distributed to the STARS pool. MOGUL STARS Token Contract: 0xc55c2175e90a46602fd42e931f62b3acc1a013ca 🌟Uniswap
For crypto newbies: How to send and receive cryptocurrency
Do you want to pay lower fees? Start using Segwit right now!
I bought from a atm
100
Bitcoin Trading
Grow your Bitcoin with the best bitcoin investment platform. Its legit and secured Its 100% paying. Instant payout REGISTER NOW!! BITCOIN ACCEPTABLE 5% REFERRAL COMMISSIONS NO WITHDRAWAL FEES PERFECT MONEY ACCEPTABLE Message me on whatsapp ‪+1 (972) 750‑4268‬
My best investment this year
What’s going on with these intermittent spikes on transaction fees
Why is the transaction fee so high right now? It hasn't been this high since 2017
100x jem
What HODLing feels like recently
We are less the half way in this bull run. This chart show 2013 2017 and now wher we at. Buy and hold.
Is bitcoin Working like this xD (meme)
Block 551,664
Peasants
What is everyones opinion on the GBTC price if it turns into an ETF and returns to NAV?
Three Golden Rules!
Mempool heavily congested... Transaction fees averaging at a whopping $60
All of this has happened before, and it will all happen again
Fixing the dip in EUR zone
Dear Family, Dear Friends, - A letter to all of you who still have no bitcoin. | dergigi.com
it happens again
Forum reklamowe - Panel zarządzania kontem
Clickiest of Baits lol
For anyone that’s wondering what’s happening to the markets, it’s all this guy
Fun with Bitcoin: Interview with @Bitcoinmotorist
Slowly recovering
Financial Darwinism is playing out before our eyes. So many HOGS coming into BTC and loading up their entitlement portfolio just to be slaughtered when they SODL at the first bump. Please, can someone help me rekindle my empathy for these people who refuse to do their homework?
Interesting Wealthsimple/bitcoin ad on Instagram storys
🚀 🌙🚀 🌙 MIAMIMOON, 🚀 🌙🚀 🌙 Only few days old and i am hooked i have not seen dev team like they have, with real Wallett to mobile devices on development. This will be huuuuuuggggeeeee You dont want to miss!! Like you did with Bitcoin.
BTC Sell off
On-Chain Metrics Explain The Bitcoin Price Dip
Anybody Else Know About Options?
For the EUR people
Some off-topic: How long would you play this game??
My eygyp
Recent Bitcoin Drop
Main trend, Elliott Waves and BTC distribution
Michael Saylor: Go f*ck yourself ... tax that! 😅😅
Bitcoin Miner Analysis - April 22, 2021 : Current Market Conditions
Website w/ Similiar Method of Investing?
My Girlfriend has Diamond Hands and i’m proud
Bitcoin NEWS Must watch.....
Crypto Cashback Springing Up
How do you buy Bitcoin in Canada? Banks are blocking cyptocurrency purchases.
😒
2017 bull run chart. Guys, I only joined bitcoin last year and even I know not to get scared by movements like this. Also, that’s why you don’t leverage. Just buy the dip and HODL.
How does blockchain work as storage for transacions?
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.🪙💳‼️📈
BALLS DEEP!!
Are whales selling coins now to avoid possible *upcoming* 80% capital gains tax? That selling should exhaust in a matter of days. Is this likely?
Bitcoin uses a lot of energy, sure, but hear me out...
First time buy!
Octa pay listed on latoken only circulation supply is only 24000 coin so please go and buy octapay coin
Panic Sell your bitcoin!!
SEC Starts the Clock on Third Bitcoin ETF Application
Cryptocurrency mining equipment shop and more! Spring Sale - 15% Reduced prices
A list of great exchanges
When Bitcoin starts going back up:
Great tutorial on how to mint your first NFT!
Hello all! I’m new to this: where do you usually buy your bitcoins?
Is the a crypto bible?
Hold on to Your Chairs!!!
The US Dollar after getting punched by Bitcoin
Are we up or down Coinbase?
Greyscale still seems bullish
BTT
That’s better
BTC Newbie
Selling BTC for fiat
Reversal on the 4 HR
Milo threw out laptop with 3 BTC on it - how many others did this?
This money printing is not sustainable—Run the numbers
bitcoin networks
It worked !!
BITCOIN HOJE | ETHEREUM ! VOCE PRECISA SABER SOBRE CRIPTOMOEDAS | BITCOI...
Benjamin Cowen, respected bitcoin analyst, gives a pep talk at the end of his video today to those that are currently feeling uncomfortable.
what is the incentive to mine bitcoin after all bitcoins aree minted?
Saylor eyeing the price in the past few days
Way she goes bubs
Mining machine
Does anybody find that r/btc (the subreddit for bitcoin cash) basically became a sub where people go and hate on bitcoin
Exodus vs Trust wallet? For beginners
Guys I made a medal for everyone who keeps holding and hasn't sold their Bitcoins during this harsh time! 🙌🥇
Got scammed
Could use help with unconfirmed transaction
buy the dip
Crypto corrections hurt! I try to swallow it with my Buffet Theory
Just starting
Guys I made a medal for everyone who keeps holding and hasn't sold their Bitcoins during this harsh time! 🙌🥇
“Expansive” standards for surveillance threaten human autonomy—our message to FATF - Coin Center
Should I buy bitcoin now?
So... that option thing on 4/23 all settled?
HELP - Deleting Wirex account
Trade Alfa
I've been selling my used panties online
Bitcoin’s free-fall below $50,000 has it testing a new technical threshold that could signal even more weakness ahead
Just looking at the yearly chart
Time Traveler.
Daily Bitcoin News April 22nd, 2021
Bitcoin Peer-To-Peer Trading In Nigeria Rises 27% Since Central Bank’s Ban
Cryptocurrency mining equipment shop and more! Spring Sale - 15% Reduced prices
The Bear Market right now (watch 'til the end)
The Big BTC Con
US Marshals Service awards BitGo $4.5M to help it hold
HELP When to buy
Bitcoin my LIFE CHANGER!
Do they all just shop the same place, or...?
http://fumacrom.com/2O6A
The Creature From Jekyll Island
Wirex - Deletion process
#cryptocurrency This is how you become rich. Follow this and get over the fear. #BTC #ETH #LTC #BCH
When you start enjoying the dumps more than the pumps
Wirex - Help
Ladies and gentlemen please place your bets, will btc go up or down Tommorow 4/23/2021?!?
Why I'm HODLing...
Bitcoin Mining on the Commodore 64?
Liquidation complete! Back on up trend.
Can someone explain Craig Wright to me? Wouldn't it be super easy to prove if you are the creator of BTC. IT seems like a simple, binary question that should never end up in court. What is his claim/evidence?
Bitcoin Hits $50k!!!
This goes out to all you retail investors showin up here the last few months pretending youve been here for years
Sending Pin
I'll warn ya next time my wife starts talking about bitcoin prompted by my father in law.
Satoshi's Prayer
Buy the dips? Lost 80k in 5 years.
http://fumacrom.com/2LPv
Favorite Child status threatened
The whole China mining threat got me thinking
Recomendable Bitcoin wallet
Biden tax plan devastates cryptocurrency market overnight
Is there anyway to determine when a transaction will fall out of the mempool after being unconfirmed for an extended period of time
Bear with me!
BTC bear media causing FUD
What’s next?
Bitcoin is more than money
What do you think Bitcoin will be worth in September?
Investing in Online cryptocurrency trading
Louisiana House Passes Surprise Bill Praising Satoshi and Bitcoin For $1 Trillion Market Cap
how to buy bitcoin .....You might find this helpful … I have been using lots of different cyptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this one ➡r.kraken.com/XxYD6X
Former SEC chairman: Regulation for digital currencies will evolve
Bought the dip!
END DAY
This is the newest project of him?
Hello World.i am here to brought to you an opportunity for you to make good amount of money from Binance exchange platform.You will only need to register for free and make deposit for trading to earn good profits Register now&gt;&gt;&gt; https://www.binance.cc/it/register?ref=ZRO4WZGN
I’ve heard people say the transaction fees for Bitcoin are high. Who does that money go to, and how?
Ever since I joined this sub, I’ve been getting messages like this lol. I may be new to Bitcoin but I’m no idiot.
Bitcoin Block Size Debate Limit And Controversies
CRYPTOCURRENCY EARN BTC AND ETH BY THE MINUTE JUST BY RUNNING ADS AND VIDEOS
Deflationary Space Penguin Mafia
Wealth
CoinMarketCap portfolio tracker is all messed up for me. Anyone else?
Joe Biden is a bitcoin.
Hello
We can’t trust a man in a suit like that
Billionaires/millionaires Please donate
A próxima ruptura
Lets mine bitcoin for free!!
What would an economic stock and banking crash aka 2018 mean for Bitcoin?
Get bitcoin for free!!
Fuck bitcoins, I'll go for another one
I am going to go for this one
Boomer Bullshit
Make #GodsCoolNotChurch a thing 👍💪
BTC’s Crash 🤦‍♂️. What crash? Did I miss something?
A second crypto exchange in Turkey has been shut down due to fraud. $2 billion missing. These threats everywhere, including the US, Europe, Japan, and other countries we may think are safe. How to protect ourselves????
Thanks to my father, I learned how to trade bitcoin.
Arbitrage ALERT!!! $GBTC is trading at an almost 20% discount to the underlying Bitcoin price. You can buy Bitcoin for 20% less than FMV.
Bitcoin Price prediction
I have stored €30k in Kraken and €30k in Binance. What would be a good 3rd option for diversification?
O Bitcoin has made me lose a lot I need help
Question regarding the high fees (segwit, legacy, ledger whatever)
When to enter Bitcoin?
Bitcoin cannot be an effective payment method. (Why we still need fiat)
Bitcoin Rewards Bot legit?
A Call To Arms
Explain where my $ is? This is the transaction. It hasn’t reached its destination.
Installez le navigateur CryptoTab et commencez à gagner de l'argent supplémentaire pour l'utiliser. Tant que vous regardez YouTube, lisez des nouvelles et utilisez les réseaux sociaux exactement comme vous le faites quotidiennement, vous obtenez de vrais Bitcoins.
Bitcoin's Hashrate and Mempool back to normal
Remember logarithmic breathing. Bitcoin is alive. (Old repost updated)
Recovering Old Bitcoin
n of m multisignature with hardware wallets?
Don't HODL, Just Trade
Some times you have to step back and look at the big picture
Report a Bitcoin address
feels like the market is following the drinking gourd
People do know there are “other” ways to buy #Dogecoin, right? I mean we do not need Robinhood app, but we can use apps like : crypto.com - just wondering I guess...
Remember: Logathrimic breathing. Bitcoin is alive. (Old repost updated)
If only I remembered my private keys from Silk road!
No one in the history of bitcoin has ever lost by holding
A próxima ruptura
Honestly this is amazing. I’m still happy with where we are considering where we were a year ago.
I invested 1k at 51k
&gt;&gt; HODL is the End Of Speculation &lt;&lt;
Coins moved from address 1MbtH87mjZXXFuMpuuHy2xfP31MiTiB1HL
A próxima ruptura
Stop this correction lets have a Game Stop moment! We can do it
Created a wallet at bitaddress.org in 2014... now what?
I swear Bitcoin always knows...
I got 2 S9 Antminers, will it be profitable at .12 a KWH?
Wild Ride - looking back at the past few years
Hi
Question for you HODLers: Do you think you're going to HODL until you die?
BlockFi offers crypto interest-earning accounts with up to 8.6% APY. This allows clients holding crypto like Bitcoin &amp; Ether to earn compounding interest. BlockFi also offers low-cost USD loans backed by crypto. Access crypto capital without selling.
A friend of me (banking ) told me that he have to present ETH in college ... and he was not able to present me the difference of proof of work and proof of stake ... we still at the beginning .........:)
What is the purpose of trading Bitcoin in a local and less volume exchange?
Are you interested in crypto investments??? Then Trade with a Google verified and popular crypto investor mallouk Peter and avoid being scammed👇 https://tradewithpeter.com/
My first crypto investment.
A friend (banking) told that he have to present ETH at class ... and he he didn’t know the difference between proof of work and proof of work... we are still at the beginning ...
Cheers to the end of a red week!
Whenever I consider selling, I remember that anything I would buy with the money would be a liability.
BOTS – Trading Community
Every time I consider selling, I just remember that anything I would buy is liability.
you can get free bit coin by this link
(2017 Noob here) How can I move my old coins to Segwit (bech32 address) in electrum? So that I will be ready for lightning now that bitcoin is about to hit the mainstream soonish.
Cryptocurrency? More like Hypnocurrency! Rezz x deadmau5 - Hypnocurrency
After completing this course, you will receive a total of 150 dollars worth of berry coins.
Reading "The science of getting rich"
🙏🏻 Praise be thy bitcoin 🙏🏻
Bitcoins Creator!
you will receive a total of 150 dollars worth of berry coins.
Is there a way I can find out how long my transaction will take? Been waiting 5 days
Coinsmart stole 100$ from me
POW
Why I think #ont Ontology Blockchain decentralized identity will be good for bitcoin and #defi.
Crypto and legal weed financing
Found this on here. Any clues who produced it?
Found this originally on Reddit. Any clues who created it?
Finding the ATH with Datascience
Came across these on eBay today 🤣
Crypto Raffles - Tesla Model 3
When hodling until you’re 20 years old and don’t care about dips.
A very cool site for you to profit from shortening the links here
Earn BTC from your phone or computer⛏
CONTNAGO BTC trade
Nipsey Hussle promoting Cryptocurrency
real inflation rates
Hey! Scratch your lot and take away $200 Amazon gift card.
Stop with the energy consumption BS!
The beginning of a journey
Why wont bitcoin get regulated
Why I think Dorian Satoshi Nakamoto is creator of Bitcoin.
Jack Dorsey and Elon Musk agree on bitcoin's green credentials
Passive Bit/Altcoin apps?
Bitcoin vs. History
Bitcoin BUY BUY BUY! Buy Signal
Btc Withdraw unassigned for 9 days
CryptoTab Browser - How To Remote Controll Your Devices
Eat - sleep - forex
China and other countries own digital currencies - impact on BTC?
I will teach you how not to pay for electricity, it will save you a fortune.
Please refer to the picture. https://berrystore.co.kr Log in, tap log in. Create a wallet, press My Page. Coupon number: BO6HOC will immediately deposit an additional 200 units If you don't register the coupon number, you can't deposit it. A total of 300 + attendance roulette events will give you
The average time to mine a bitcoin block is 10 minutes. Since the creation of the blockchain, does anyone know the longest time it took to mine a block? Thanks for your feedback.
This memes just hit different, Watch your bitcoin !
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=95TItfcWq8c&amp;t=63s
CryptoDivine.ai is a crypto Predictive Trend Indicator - A simple tool that assists crypto enthusiasts in making buy &amp; sell decisions for BTC &amp; ETH.
Question about bitcoin and Robinhood
To the mooon!
﻿ 사진참고하세요 1인당 총300개지급됩니다 지급받는데 5분도안걸리니 빨리받으세요 수량이커서 이벤트 끝나기전에 서둘러야 됩니다. 안드로이드 : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fandomberry.berrystore 아이폰은 앱스토어에서 검색 ￼ 사진 삭제 사진 설명을 입력하세요. 어플설치후 사진처럼 카카오로 간편가입하고 지갑생성하고 마이페이지누르고 쿠폰누르고 쿠폰번호: BO6HOC (미리복사) 등록하면 즉시 200개 추가로 입금됩니다 쿠폰번호 등록안하면 입금안되요
Elon Musk to host 'Saturday Night Live' on May 8
Newbie Bitcoin Questions
Tax Apps
You want to make $150 fast?
Bitcoin Node - Raspberry Pi
After completing this course, you will receive a total of 150 dollars worth of berry coins.
Stop hating central banks
After completing this course, you will receive a total of 150 dollars worth of berry coins.
Meet a simple cryptocurrency calculator | fomplo
Honest question about of cold wallets security - how secure are they?
Eyes on the prize.
envbtc
Recommended Bitcoin wallet for purchases?
It’s actually insane they write an article like this - 1.8 percent LOL “Bitcoin falls 1.8 percent to $50,270 — Reuters UK”
May 8th will be next ATH
Earn up to 250 USD 5 days contract envbtc
I need to buy BNB or BTC with Paypal
Bitcoin is a large scale scam (along with other crypto)
Mintable: frustration and discouragement
🥱Is the dip over? 🥴All the ones that panicked and sold 🤣👍
Is coin market cap bugged?
How much money can I save on fees using Bench32 Address?
How does one etch there pneumonic on a metal plate without potentially exposing it?
Get free Crypto
HELP..¯\_(☯෴☯)_/¯
Lets get 200 dollars!!
Lets get 200 dollars!!
Man Forget Bitcoin Wallet Password and Lose More Than 395 Million Dollars
BITCOIN_DONATION to a ROOKIE.!!
After completing this course, you will receive a total of 150 dollars worth of coins.
Safest way to import Private Keys
You’re probably too busy to read this…
Is ardorbtc.com a scam
Surprisingly high network fee
Is bitcoin going to facilitate the creation of a one-world global economy?
Can anyone shine some light here for me please?
Earning interest with Bitcoin
After completing this course, you will receive a total of 150 dollars worth of coins.
The year is 2025....
Question: Are the BitFund and Multimine phone apps scams or legit?
Hey guys, how are you? I do not want them to think that it is Spam, as a bellboy I found this Crypto casino that gives you a wheel shot every 24 hours that supposedly can pay you up to 1BTC. I've been open every day for a week and I have $ 27. https://bc.game/i-38e1r1i5-n/
So, BitFund and Multimine (mobile phone bitcoin mining apps), are these scams or... are they legit?
hi
How to keep track of my bitcoin value?
hi
How will credit economy be with Bitcoin?
Chill
Bitcoin transaction still unconfirmed after 10 days
What do you want if you're a Bitcoin maxi?
Diamond hands - My BTC purchases since 4/1
April 22nd Bitcoin Dump – Current Thoughts
The best passive income methods
Question: How does Bitcoin influence altcoins?
Bitcoin bot on telegram?!
What happened to Venmo?
If you improve by 1% everyday, within a year you will have improved 365%(unless your compounding interest is much higher 🤣🤣) Progress is progress no matter how small👍 Envision the future you want and start taking the steps that will take you there.
180° thrusters engage BACK TO MARZ! /s
The Tragic Struggle of Telling your Friends to Buy Bitcoin (2011-2021)
US State Passes Resolution Commending Satoshi Nakamoto and Bitcoin
Biceps training.
Bitcoin billboard in Chicago!
Crypto Exhange Founder Disappears with $2 Billion (Turkish Exchange)
Hey guys I got my first nano S and I'm having trouble, I've set the device up and have my recovery phrases. How do I connect it to my computer or galaxy? I downloaded the apps on both and plugged nano into my chrome book. Please step by step my somebody 🥰🥰🥰 Thanks guys happy crypto trading!
Bitcoin goes to $400k if it hits parity with gold
PSA - The Great Mempool Storm is finally clearing. Move your coin or better yet, open some Lightning channels!
Hypothetically, what if a Country / Central Bank moved its currency to be backed by BTC?
Why does news in America affect a borderless currency?
Come on Bitcoin...!!
Advice for a bitcoin hodler looking to start trading.
Just invested!
Have any mainstream banks integrated BTC? Any banks at all?
Billionaire Took Psychedelics, Got Bitcoin and Is Now Into SPACs
Bitcoin Roller Coaster Guy Marcus Connor on Crypto Art, NFTs, and Hal Finney Fundraiser
Experience with Bitcoin
THIS JUST HAPPENED
Brexit’s top donor outed as Bitfinex, Tether parent shareholder
Lets get 200 dollars!!
Lyn Alden Answers The Bitcoin Million Dollars Question
Bitcoin daily RSI at its lowest since last August
Trading your BTC off exchange is illegal in the US.
Stormx is a great way to earn crypto currency
Busy taking care of bills before investing into cryptocurrency. Saw this on YouTube via Bloomberg Live. What do y’all think? First post ever on here for me😁
Bitcoin Litecoin Ethereum Cryptocurrency Coins
Lets get 200 dollars!!
This one time, Bitcoin was at $19K, then it went up to $60K, then it CRASHED all the way down to $49K
"Selling Olive Oil doesn’t protect against inflation! Attention Nassim Taleb"
Misconception about other cryptos
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
Gemini Now Supports Apple Pay and Google Pay — available to withdraw off exchange within an hour after purchase
Louisiana state passes resolution commending Satoshi Nakamoto and Bitcoin
Ben Bernanke- “LOSSES DON’T MATTER BECAUSE THEY ARE PAPER LOSSES” (2011)
KTLA Morning News in Los Angeles discussing/debating Bitcoin, they cut to the newsroom and...
Bitcoin adoption vs internet adoption.
Wealthsimple Refferal
Hey guys if you don't have coinbase and thinking about it, you can use the link and get 10$ in bitcoin. I will get 10$ as well.
Please help me with tax question
Idea to fund Kraken accounts without wire transfer
Bitcoin backed by Gold
Ideas on how to find Kraken account
Go Go get lots of coins
Hi~
CQS scalping telegram scalping signal
How do I pay my Visa bill with bitcoin?
Participate in Berry Coin and get 100 dollars worth of coins
Can an expert in trust wallet please private message me??
I need to verify some Bitcoin transactions. Quaid, start the reactor.
what is the min sat/vB to avoid stuck transactions now?
Turkish crypto exchange boss goes missing, reportedly taking $2 billion of investors’ funds with him
Which bitcoin did I use?
Louisiana Lawmakers Back Bill That Says Bitcoin Could Potentially Become New Monetary Reserve
Posted on r/btc, what do you thing about it? Just want to have some thoughts...
Go Go get lots of coins
what is your DCA strategy?
Bitcoin Gets New Approval in Louisiana
I made a meme
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, April 24, 2021
Do I get any sort of protection if I buy an item off of someone?
Local bitcoin purchase
Why are so many Bitcoiners so toxic?
Serious question!
This to buy bitcoins in a good site and true
👌👌👌
Shaking Out The Weak Hands
Day 2 of asking crypto community for bitcoin donations.
BTC Scarcity question...
Short funny introductory video about Award for participation in the publication VERSOVIEW!!! Take a look!
Question about UTXO..
Can I constantly buy and sell Bitcoin on Robinhood due these Bitcoin price influcations?!
this is one of the best video for biginners. plz watch
The second largest USDT deposit on exchanges happened yesterday. $2.37 Billion USDT were deposited on exchanges. The largest deposit was on 3 February 2021 right before the announcement of the Tesla BTC purchase. Maybe another big player is entering the market.
I saved this from years ago. The more things change, the more they stay the same...
Doge4Amazon - Accept Dogecoin as a payment method
How has bitcoin investing positively/negatively impacted your relationships?
Doesn’t something like a Coinbase address book encourage reuse of btc addresses? Sounds terrible for privacy.
just gonna leave this here...
Help
Amazon To Accept Dogecoin
Withdraw issue
Tax question!
http://chng.it/XWmh2Bs7HP
I have a secret about bitcoin
$10 a day
Here’s the dip in perspective
Case of 2017-2018 crypto market crash!
PSA: If you setup a full node in the past with 500GB storage, it's time to plan an upgrade
Intelligent Cryptocurrency
Bitcoin is being used as a dump for inflation.
Sell it all you paper hands!
I really do wonder how some people on Facebook manage to dress themselves in the morning.
Bitcoin wallet transaction fees
Bitcoin ATH this year
(Use referral- iamganesh189) Biggest opportunity for crypto investors.. Mine the third largest crypto network in the world on your phone...
Good news I guess
The Mayer Multiple
Not your keys not your crypto
Gourmet Shop in Catalunya, Spain, "LaGuarim"B"a" Accepts BTC and Trades it also!
Btc postage
Pokies coke watch me slap xD
How long would a transaction take with such a fee?
bitcoin
I don't see the recent price movements as a crash, I consider it normal volatility for this asset at these price levels, and it's going to get even bumpier from here
My thoughts about situation on market
Scam Alert for BITCOIN !! PEOPLE READ THIS
Are we holding or suspect a worse crash
Fork warning in bitcoin node log
I received a message on Discord that I had won a BTC.
Feels like I'm watching reality tv
Profit Taking
Daily Bitcoin News April 23rd, 2021
Bitcoinblocksizematters
Question about the future of Bitcoin
BTC/USD Bullish Butterfly?
Louisiana lawmakers back bill that says Bitcoin could become a new monetary reserve
Feel free to share these charicatures :) #Bitcoin
21 Week SMA
Prepare For Takeoff...
Crypto.com is it safe to use?
This is just a tiny dot in the overall picture.... we are fuelling up for the moon!! Don’t get shook out.
Nexo, Crypto, Celsius, BlockFi... how to choose one? Any recs?
Here are some post-halving calculations. Can you all buy and hold $35 to $550 of new bitcoin each year? Feel free to check &amp; correct my math!
PacketStream
CryptoTab Browser - Lightweight, fast, and ready to mine!
Will Any New Tech Companies Show Bitcoin On Their Balance Sheet This Week?
Man finds $46k in cash hidden since the 1950's. Purchasing power back then equal to $420k. Inflation destroys savings, 90% of the value stolen by the government printer.
END DAY
I predict we hit 70,000 on Thursday
Why Are Athletes Demanding To Be Paid In Bitcoin?
Turkish Ban May Be Bitcoin's Marketing Boon
First time buyer.
All aboard!!! Bitcoin rocket leaving now
Guess who's back ?
“The FDIC never goes broke, we are backed by the US government” -60 Minutes
Bitcoin @ $200K
BITCOINS INVESTMENT
I Have Grown Skeptical of Bitcoin
Bar mitzvah gift
GOT A BITCOIN WALLET HERE , WHAT NEXT ?
🥱Here we go....could we have an all time high? $69, 70 or 75K🤞
I buy Bitcoin often... question about wallets
Bit coin come down
Bitcoin come down
100 usd in bitcoin
I'm broke, please can anyone help me out, things have been really hard on me.
Sphinx.chat
Why does Reddit insist on showing me ads for some random shitcoin in this sub's feed?
I plan on buying some Bitcoin on Gemini and holding long term. (Only investing what I’m willing to loose) and I’m curious, whenever i sell it in the next year or so is it difficult filing taxes on Gemini? Or is it just easier to give it to my account?
I’m new so sorry if this is a dumb question but how far in advance are people able to calculate the path BTC is going to take?
which of these altcoins have potential?
Which of these alt coins do you believe have potential long term?
10K to spend on BTC
This has probably been posted a million times, but I am thinking about investing in Bitcoin.
Should I create this product? (Bitcoin use case)
CreamPYE
Bitcoin Snaps 5-Day Losing Streak, Climbs Above $52K
Diamondcoin
Here we go
I have a wallet from which I only know the private key, some bbtc, how can I get access to it/convert it to something else?
Is it really a Ponzi scheme? Think again!
Cant government see if you used a BTC mixer?
My predictions
Asia just woke up and said... WE’RE BUYING!
Here it comes fellas 🚀
BTC buy when it's still cheap, last chance!
Look at this chart. "This is the Way."
It is quite long
Águas residuais
Look at this chart. "This is the Way."
Bitcoin Rap by Ben Caselin...
What is the AHA moment about Bitcoin?
Be careful of a pump and dump - Chinese mkt just opened at 930am stks up too so fat first 30 mins trading ~~
Hash Ribbon Indicator flashing buy!! Charles Edwards on Twitter
Bitcoin rap by Ben Caselin
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
🐻🐻🐻... 😭😭😭
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 24 April 2021 Liveshow with Max Hillebrand
When to invest chunk of money in BTC (dip?)
Advice to newcomers (from a newcomer)
Want to make millions hit the link
Are write ups and daily posts like these some sort of an attempt to deter new investors from BTC? Not trying to sound like a conspiracy theorist here..
Can someone help me understand how the relationship between Bitcoin price &amp; Bitcoin dominance in the total crypto market are related? Or are they?
Opinion: Why bitcoin? Here’s why
Whenever someone argues pyramid scheme
Whenever some argues that it's a pyramid scheme
Jamie Dimon owes his daughter a public apology.
Quantum Fund Cofounder Jim Rogers Insists Governments Could Ban Cryptocurrencies
MINE BITCOIN WITH EXTRA FAST SPEED !
When you're short the corn, you can't afford yourself a mirror.
Dollar inflation: If you put $15,000 in the bank in 1980, its purchasing power is now 1/3 of its value due to inflation. If you put it in bitcoin 4 years ago, it would be worth over 750k.
From 49000 to 47000 and now at 51000. This is great...
I want to thank everyone in this community who opened my eyes to a whole new world of currency while i still adore the paper money I now know how to invest and hold on crypto
Águas residuais
Caracas Air Accepts Bitcoin (BTC) Venezuela's Digital Coin Usage Surges
Is it possible to find out which address this BTC was sent to?
Lol at this nonsense: “Bitcoin Is a Threat to National Security”
Hodl her tight
After Two Red Weeks, Bitcoin Is Nearly As Oversold As In March 2020
🚀🚀Spades Coin - High Potential !!!! Coinsbit in May !!!! 🚀🚀
This 'recovery' is institutional driven, yes?
CRYPTO MARKET IS S****T
ADVICE
Holy be thy name.
When you accidently make a monster
Which Crypto Will Double In The Next Three Months? + My Winning Strategy(Crypto News) (Top Altcoins)
I know there’s probably a bunch of posts like this and it’s annoying as hell, but I feel like some people need to hear this, for those who don’t, please excuse me for adding to the bullshit.
saving love with bitcoin
Made this for the mood tonight as we just hit 47 again lol
I had an epiphany...
It ain't Bitcoin news but it is Bitcoin's own Luchador! I call him Guerrero Mondea! First NFT and though the community would dig it.
Where is best to store your Bitcoin? In your wallet or is it an issue to just keep it in your app such ass Coinbase? I have a Coinbase wallet and he app and am curious where is the best place to store it?
Should I sell now and rebuy?
Águas residuais
Im new to Bitcoin, I need advices
(Bitcoin) Eco-friendly mining proposal by ripples co-founder.
bitcoin
TIL checking price charts doesn't make lines go up
Legit question: Why does BTC fall when big players sell?
Should You Buy Bitcoin Today?
If you think the transaction fees were bad during the China mining shutdowns, just imagine how much worse they would be if ALL of those PayPal and Robinhoold users were buying and transacting on-chain.
OG Hodler. Let this sink in.
Stop the FUD!
Uncle Bitto XY
Blame Dogecoin
I believe Bitcoin crashed because of this guy
Aside from seeing it as in investment, how many of you truly see it as the future of payments/a better alternative?
Very small town in Northern Indiana!!
When the dip comes, i like the ambient here
Just sold some to rebuy
Transaction fee Electrum
Running a lightning node?
Advice
Bitcoin Tax
If i have made a loss on Bitcoin, will HMRC or IRS reimburse me with (total loss amount * tax rate)?
USING A MOBILE PHONE TO MINING
First time buyer.
Can someone here please tell me the fate of this transaction?
GAFAM Q1 earning calls
Collateralized Crypto
Is this b/c the Asian markets open?
Craig Wright evidence
Let’s all remember Ben Lawsky. The scumbag who set up all of the New York regulations and red tape, just to set up his own shop in the private sector “advising”
bear market on daily time frame for bitcoin
I have now entered poverty
Ahhhh the gratitude is ever so satisfying! Actually told friends and family to buy bitcoin, now they are looking to repay me 😊
My best investment this year
Bitcoin past week
Bought the dip - hit my goal. I am officially in the elite group of people who hold at least 1 BTC
Bitcoins prob gonna drop between 40k and 30k. Just hold out if it does....
"Beating a dead horse" shall henceforth be known as "beating a dead Giustra"
Bitcoin is overrated
People of knowledge
BTC Transfer Taxes
It's my fault?!
Turkey right now
We're 468% UP on the yearly. This isn't even close to a infamous Bitcoin dip so can we watch with all the price posts already?
Why is bitcoin as down as it is? When can we expect some sort of reversal?
80% tax on cryptocurrency
When there are dips, what coins do you usually look at?
Just bought the dip!
🚀🚀Spades Coin - High Potential !!!! Coinsbit in May !!!! 🚀🚀
Press f for respect
How Much Bitcoin Should You Own? Advisors' Calls May Shock You
A loyal and honest sugar baby needed ASAP ❣️ DM and get spoil financially ❣️
Bitcoin 2021 Conference tickets
I've taken my first step into crypto! Not gonna put a whole lot into it, but I'm fine with just a little
I am so Happy!
Bitcoin is going to head to 30k
This correction is not fun
INVESTMENT BROKER
We made it, now we go up
The cheapest bitcoin you can find
50 dollar amazon Giftcard for 45 in BTC
South Korea and Japan to add crypto studies in their high school curriculum
Lost all my money with crypto... and probably will lose my job
Sell me your Bitcoin PLS, Ill pay above the current value
I'm trying to find data for my thesis
F2pool at it again?
Fear not
Earn
reassure me...
To Whoever Just Sold more BTC to me: Thank you!
Michael Porters 5 Force Model on Bitcoin - ( Bitcoin only) . 1)Buyer Power 2)Supplier power 3) Threat of newEntry 4) Threat of Substitute 5) Competitive Rivalry. Anything needs to be added or deleted?
Max Keiser said that the State has no ability to disrupt Bitcoin.
I wish all the crypro app stop working, so I'm not keep looking at them all the time... 😅😵‍💫
SWIN [ONLY 2M MCAP] connects crypto with stock market and real estate, 100x Potential!
Diem
SWIN [ONLY 2M MCAP] connects crypto with stock market and real estate, 100x Potential!
Will Apple buy Bitcoin?
I just bought more during the drop
SUNDAYYY BLOODY SUNDAYYY!
Stop the bleed!!!
The Industry Derivatives Market Makers are Playing with the Bitcoin Price
About BTC
Love my new light.
Bitcoin crash made me sell!
BTC the original crypto coin.
I just bought more Bitcoin if anyone is waiting for it to dip more
Some pretty big sell offs in a matter of minutes
I bought 3k, lost $400 already. Sell, hold, or buy more?
I have a business proposal
TFW you get impatient waiting for your 48,500 order to go through so you just buy at 49,700 and then watch it drop to 48000 over the next hour
He's Trying for $44,000
Bircoin mining | Larger purpose?
Bought my first ever Bitcoin on Thursday morning. How’s your week going?
-360$ with BTC
Lost all my money
"Henry Ford would replace gold with energy currency and stop wars." I shit you not
Using Tails as a cold storage
Flash sale!
another one!
Who's buying and selling now?
Is it over?
Stay strong amigos, few more days and we’ll be out of these turbulent clouds
Korea. 300 berry coin event.
Btc interactive chart
The number of likes on CoinGeicko... Sweeeeet
Lowest prize calculation for Bitcoin
Bitcoin IRA Question
Bitcoin IRA Question
Flash Crash with Big Volume
To the people that are saying Bitcoin mining is using too much electricity
Have fun staying poor degenerate dipshit sellers.
Discounted !!!
Invest today for a better tomorrow
Want to earn with crypto?
Convince me this was not the top
Stephen Isaacs says: Bitcoin is bubble and destined to end ---'
Convince me this was not the market cycle top.
Gold diggers of the future
India Seeks to Criminalize Cryptocurrency
Meet this simple crypto calculator i had developed
Is My Understanding Correct? (51% Attack)
BTC calculator by date and time to USD
Bitclout
Dollar Will Crash!!!!
7 advantages of investing in cryptocurrency
Need feedbacks about a calculator i used
Why isn’t it going up
https://www.worldcryptocoins.com/post/digital-news-today
Noob Mining - I know my hash rate is terrible, but am I actually mining? I know I won't accumulate anything appreciable but I wanted to know how to do it. I'm using f2pool.
When your buy order hits but it starts to Tank downwards
Need feedback about a tool i had developed
TMW I open the ledger app in Dec 2021 and BTC’s at 250K &amp; ETH at 10K
I'm going all in.
Ratatat could see it in its infancy. HODL on.
Bitcoin consumes the energy of a small nation, is this reasonable?
"This is Olive Country" - The Story of Don Taleb
Www.bitcopan.com
https://cryptotabbrowser.com/21643056
Merchant Token - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021 - DeFi Payment Protocol that enables POS terminals on blockchains and brings consumer protection to crypto payments
Good project 😊
Noob Mining Question
Should i buy Bitcoin now ?
Pls donate
CeFi wallets in Europe
Spread the crypto usage
From the Marvel series, The Falcon and The Winter Soldier. 1K BTC.
Jump in now, or buy in slowly?
No Justice for Hacked Clients of Coinbase (Friendly reminder by the news to remove your coins from exchanges)
Trivia about bitcoin. M sure many might not know..
The Weekly Bullish Bitcoin News of Week 16 2021. Many new users have access to buy bitcoin, and bottom might be in!.
Different Ways to Buy and Trade Cryptocurrencies
Oh MEME going back to 48 (Stay strong - Hold hard)
New way of generating Bitcoin
OpenBIPs: A New Process for BIP Management
Best crypto wallets
0.00002 BTC needed
Fighting the food fight
Literal crypto scam masquerading as a YouTube ad.
Ethereum storing value vs btc
OpenBIPs: A New Process for BIP Management
Download pi crypto currency app
Is there still a market for Casascius Bitcoins?
On STEX We are forming another triangle on the hourly candles #BTCZ #BitcoinZ Possible breakout to the upside by tomorrow with a target of 550. wait for the breakout and jump in!
The best Bitcoin Exchanges according to TrustPilot
Would you recommend to transfer bitcoin from a trading platform to coinsmart and then deposit it into a bank, or directly deposit it into the bank?
Would you recommend to transfer bitcoin from a trading platform to coinsmart and then deposit it into a bank, or directly deposit it into the bank?
What is Bitcoin Bubble Crisis
Btc
Zooming out and looking at the weekly candles, RSI, MACD share similarities with March 2017. Hopefully May brings reversal.
PTLK TOKEN AIRDROP
The best Bitcoin Exchanges according to TrustPilot
How would you know if the Bitcoin protocol has been changed?
I love trolling scammers
Compromised Private Keys in Hardware Wallets
PTKL Airdrop
If you find a good coin and you want to start investing, start small. If you miss the big run, another will come. Better safe than sorry....
Besides Tesla: Other Great Companies That Adopted Bitcoin For Payments
On-chain Data Reveals Coinbase Nasdaq Debut Attracted More Bitcoin Investors
bitcoin looks super bearish here, im gonna go ahead and short
I sent USDT to TRON address from Binance to exodus
http://t.me/PTLKTokenAirdropBot New Airdrop Instant withdraw Join fast
Watch out for this scammer lurking here.
THE HISTORY OF HODL!!! As a reminder to HODL and for context bitcoin went from $1242 down to $480 that day. “For anyone not aware, “HODL” doesn’t actually stand for “Hold On for Dear Life”. It was a misspelled BitcoinTalk post in 2013”
Tap Into The NEW Multi-Billion-Dollar Online Craze😝💵💵💵💵
r/wallstreetbets NFT Artwork
Great project
Reminder of where we are going
Creptocrancey
Will Bitcoin succeed?
UnderDOGE
Based on Deribit Options
POTLUCK PLTK AIRDROP
Looking for an entertaining, trustworthy, unbiased opinion on bitcoin and open blockchains? This is it. Take a look at the timestamps to find the questions you're most interested in!
UK and India
Beware dogecoin
‘Black Swan’ Author Calls Bitcoin a Ponzi Scheme
UK Est. Own Crypto..No Surprise
Toughs on bull market end by a newbie
Bitcoin is the most amazing, decentralized innovation. Early adopters will flourish beyond expectation. The luddites (small-minded resisting technical progress) will suffer.
Garlicoin $GRLC will be the next big run!🧄🚀
How easy is it for someone to obtain your personal info...
US Treasury and DEA Support Crypto
Lessons learned for future contracts
Bitcoin is very Important for this pandemic corona period to get free bitcoin
Can't use FIFO or LIFO 😠
Relationship problems over btc
Assuming a Stock market crash. What it means for bitcoin.
Assuming a Stock market crash. What it means for bitcoin?
Bitcoin is very Important for this pandemic corona period to get free bitcoin
My cousin was approached by his buddy about BitCoin when it was $5. Story in comments.
Here we go...
Profitable Bitcoin Mining
Make money online easily Signup here: https://sha-256.io/?ref=Grace101 and start getting Bitcoins easily...free &amp; legit.. 🆒 cash out instantly..no waiting direct to your wallet💵 😁😜☺️
Daily Bitcoin News April 23rd, 2021
I made this site to watch the Bitcoin Roller Coaster Guy go up and down as the price updates. You can change the currency and up/down thresholds, let me know what you think!
END DAY
Ledger Nano x
I don't need that much but i only need like 100$ for a phone
Are you interested in the Korean exchange?
I need it please help me out
Never been in the red
Look! This guy has a BIG POINT in BTC
Simplify the way you trade cryptocurrency by joining me on NDAX – Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
CryptoTab
Elon Musk sold Bitcoin!! prices going to drop
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
May #satoshi be with us...
“I have not sold any of my Bitcoin. Tesla sold 10% of its holdings essentially to prove liquidity of Bitcoin as an alternative to holding cash on balance sheet.” Musk
“Bitcoin adoption advances globalist free market values, not communist or nationalist values. It is dubious from first principles that the Chinese Communist Party has or would ever want to weaponize it”
It is due tomorrow airdrop
Crypto tab
Are you planning to sell your property for Bitcoin?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Mobile BTC telegram miner make $15.52 daily and $465.71 fast and easy withdrawals Link: https://t.me/BTC_Miner_au_bot?start=823549928
Zendaya stuns Oscars red carpet in Cher-inspired Valentino gown
You Can Mine Cryptocurrency Using Commodore 64
So Elon is basically saying he personally owns bitcoin.
If supply and demand are what determines true value then..
Tesla loses a ton of money selling cars but makes it all back on bitcoin and tax credits 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Cryptocurrency technology company DMG buys another 1,800 ASIC mining machines.
Here we go
US Residents - Worst case scenario, BTC and cryptos moon the next 24 months, but government now taxes unrealized gains (see link)....would you consider domiciling your cryptos to another country to save some taxes? And if so, which?
Block-Fi lowers interest rates 20% as of May 1st
Get your ticket to the moon!!!!! 🚀🚀🚀🚀
Tencent e Cosmos
I need to buy some bitcoins please HELP!!
Where Do You Buy Bitcoin?
Rip G6X
I'm pissed off with the way this community is branding Bitcoin
Chiefs player converts full salary to Bitcoin
Question: what would happen if the value of bitcoin dropped to the point where the value of my shares (?) would be less than $0?
Bitcoin dominance fading?
Asking (slightly sauced) people about if they invest in BITCOIN, DOGE, or stocks.
New Glassnode letter out... The Week On-chain (Week 17, 2021)
Is this Tiktok vid about a Robinhood sweepstake real?
$DOGE 4 Amazon_$DOGE 4 Coinbase_$DOGE 4 Dojo_$DOGE 4 Tesla_$DOGE 4 Mars
Looks like we got some new American miners coming online later this year
$DOGE 4 Amazon_$DOGE 4 Coinbase_$DOGE 4 Dojo_$DOGE 4 Tesla_$DOGE 4 Mars
This is how you HODL
In the future it comes out and is proven that _______________ is/was “Satoshi Nakamoto”. In your opinion what is the the worst case scenario.. DARPA..China.. CIA...Craig Wright etc... just curious people opinions
Yesterday I purchased an additional 0,01 Bitcoin for ~$495 in cash at an average price of ~$49.500 per BTC in accordance with my HODL Strategy.
what's behind bitcoin hype? &amp; Why Bitcoin network use more electricity than Argentina !
German Microbiologist: "They Are Killing People With Covid Vaccines" To Reduce World's Population
Paperhanded b*t*h
Elon Musk owns Dave Portnoy regarding his Bitcoin hodling
Thinking of selling my bitcoin for Zimbabwe dollars to pay for school, yay or nay?
BlockFi Interest Rates Decrease for May, 2021
Tencent e Cosmos
Blockfi, the best crypto trading platform
Recommended Bitcoin Book List
Blockfi the best crypto platform
Bitcoin Is Recovering. What’s Behind Its Latest Move.
Transferring bitcoin
What's the hash(es) of the transaction(s) made by Tesla when they bought $1.5 billion in Bitcoin?
Interesting
open me if ur rich/santa
My Biggest Fear is Government Regulation
Thanks Bit/Dogecoin
Why You Should Invest In Cryptocurrency?
Elon Musk owns Bitcoin. Tesla owns Bitcoin. Those are two separate things. I think that’s news?
Is this a scam?
Paper hand portnoy
Tencent e Cosmos
Questions about Bitcoin
Bitcoin Apparel if you want t shirts/ hoodies to show your support of Bitcoin please check out this website. They have some cool jumper.
active LN sub reddit?
Poker Gurus
Looks like somebody has a case of the Mondays :)
Kansas City's Sean Culkin Becomes First NFL Player to Get Full Salary in Bitcoin
Tesla Announces Major Profit After Selling Small Portion Of Bitcoin
2017 vs 2021 (made right before this dip)
Self-Directed IRA Exchanges - River Financial FTW
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Nik Bhatia - Bitcoin is More than an Asset, it's a (New) Layered Financial System
$BTC correction Historically has lost 80% of its ATH , we may see this agin this cycle.
How do major players like Tesla, investing 1.5B in Bitcoin, manage the security of these coins?
Crypto.com charges 3,5%, Coinbase charges 4% - Any crypto exchanges that charge reasonable fees for automatic monthly investments of €1000?
Good bye bitcoin 😳😩
I'm new to bittcoin and I mine It.
Bitcoin Wallet
A very bullish note from a Tesla executive on Bitcoin during today's Tesla earnings call
This Tesla I saw earlier was telling me to HODL BTC
"Tesla sold 10% of its holdings essentially to prove liquidity of Bitcoin as an alternative to holding cash on balance sheet."
Seasonality in Bitcoin Hashrate and Average Rainfall in Sichuan, China
JPMorgan will offer clients to invest in bitcoin fund, CoinDesk reported
Bitcoin and Metcalfe’s Law (Network Effect)
We are almost 10% away from mining all the existing Bitcoins. What happens next?
Chaincode Podcast: Jonas and Murch chat about the Mempool
FreeBitcoin is giving you 10 Wheel of Fortune Free Spins whenever you deposit BTC at FreeBitco.in, regardless of the amount
Petition for XRP lawsuit to be dropped
If Musk sold is that a bad sign?
My full node
Just because I wanted to draw some Bitcoin fan art.
How illegal is it if a U.S. citizen uses a foreign crypto exchange?
With all due respect I'm contacting you all in respect of a business proposal that would be of good benefit for both of us
Trevor Lawrence adding cryptocurrency to his playbook
Bitcoin’s On-Chain Market Cycles
Can I get thoughts on this Fortune.com article
When China and India allow their people to bitcoin easily, the price will hit 300K?
Get free coin 300
Tesla sold 272 million BTC off it's balance sheet
This is a real chart...HODL!
Invest in Diamonds
Alright, High Fees are Killing Me.
Chiefs tight end Sean Culkin becomes first NFL player to convert entire salary into Bitcoin
"Bitcoin paid to Tesla will be retained as Bitcoin, not converted to fiat currency." Musk on March 24
Tesla sold some of its Bitcoin and made $272 million in profit
New to Bitcoin, plan to HODL, but cannot stop compulsively checking my portfolio balance. Anyone else in the same boat about constantly checking?
🚀🚀Spades Coin - High Potential !!!! Coinsbit in May !!!! 🚀🚀
I mined with NiceHash in 2015, where could my BTC be?
Need help selling my token
Bitcoin
Tesla Selling BTC: A Bullish Sign?
Brazil's first Bitcoin ETF and has raised $112 million
Chiefs' Culkin plans to be 1st NFL player to convert entire salary to Bitcoin
Crypto trading became the common place for criminals
Looking to retrieve forked coins from a blockchain.com wallet.
Cryptocurrency token
You can get yours bitter too
Woke up this morning to $60K worth of crypto stolen from my MetaMask
$TSLA sold BTC and I sold Tesla. Here’s my super brief break down:
Tesla sold 10% of $1.5B investment in Bitcoin
Merchant Token - Just Announced their first partnership! which will enable real use for use crypto as payment with Merchant Token currency in over 20,000 taxis in Scandinavia and 10,000 taxis in the UK - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021
When you're a Bitcoin investor and know it is set for growth.
Tesla 1Q Net Cash Outflow Related to Bitcoin $1.2B
Huge amount buys
The Last Days of Satoshi
Get free coin 300 right now
BitPay offers me to convert my BTC balance to the rate of 2018 :D :D
It looks like Tesla sold just enough bitcoin ($272 million for a $101 million profit) to give them $1 Billion in adjusted earnings.
Ups and downs
Tesla sold Bitcoin in Q1 for 221 Million. But they bought more! Don‘t worry!
Tesla sold their Bitcoin in Q1. But don‘t worry!
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
When prices aren’t moving but % gains are going up because of lower prices 24hrs ago 🚀🚀🚀
Questions and New Bitcoin Developers
1 btc
Satoshi Nakamoto moments before releasing Bitcoin
where can i buy small ammounts of bitocin?
MyMegamoney - sign up and receive $100 per day
Elon !
Why has Bitcoin’s (BTC) dominance fallen below 50%?
Demand for PayPal’s Cryptocurrency Offering Blows Past Expectations, According to CEO Dan Schulman
As the prevalence of genetically modified organisms (GMOs) continues to rise, there has been an increasing public interest for information concerning the safety of these products.
Is it ever a good time to sell?
Bitcoin Charity In Action! Event From Friday - 100 people Fed!
Bitcoin Dip Coming now
Where do the equations the miners have to solve come from?
Can you whales please just stop playin with our emotions and just buy more Bitcoin and Doge. 😊👍🏼 Please and thank you. 😊
Michael Saylor: "You don't have to convert all your money into Bitcoin, just the money you want to keep"
The northern part, between Of and Bayburt is 107 km (66 mi) long, and the southern part, between Bayburt and Aşkale is 72 km (45 mi) The northern section is considered one of the most dangerous routes in the world.
GDO 'lu Yiyeceklerin Zararları
Free money from Nexo?
BITCOIN VS STOCKS AND FOREX
Cryptocurrencies are the most frequently mentioned investments on Reddit
Tesla adds $100 Mil Bitcoin to its balance sheet, Q1 2021! Finance your Tesla, pay in Bitcoin, &amp; buy more Bitcoin... INCREASE THE HODL!
Bitcoin Girl is always looking to the moon
Elon Musk’s Tesla Sold Bitcoin in Q1, Earnings Report Reveals
Build this little helper to always be up-to-date on the BTC price
Tesla SODL $252 million worth of bitcoin -- Q1 2021 Financial Results
Have No Fear of having No Money….Be Currency Free…Be Fearless
Hello, I’ve just started investing in crypto, and I want to invest in BTC. When is the best time to do this?
Tesla Sold Bitcoin in Q1 for Proceeds of $272M - CoinDesk
Tesla Sold Bitcoin in Q1 for Proceeds of $272M
Story from Business Tesla Sold Bitcoin in Q1 for Proceeds of $272M
Similar to Andreas Antonopoulos?
animals token
Shawn truly
[*Walter Bloomberg] Tesla: 1Q Net Cash Outflow Related to Bitcoin $1.2B
Tesla sold $272M worth of BTC last quarter
PlanB on Twitter: both S2FX model (288K avg cycle price) and on-chain signal indicate we are only halfway into this bull market and nowhere near the top
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/mz3n7b/irritated/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/mz3n7b/irritated/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
3 Bitcoin Reversal Signals! | New All Time High Coming!?
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Keep being impressed by the S2FX model by PlanB and how well it predicts everything
Perhaps someone will be able to support the family of a political prisoner ?
Bears to the gulag!
Can we have honest discussion about side effects which are not always positive?
Active nfl player going to convert full salary to bitcoin
Kansas City Chiefs tight end Sean Culkin just earned his Chad Card
How in the world do we explain this 66,666.66 wick on BITTREX?
How in the world do we explain this 66,666.66 which on BITTREX?
Blocks and Chains: Introduction to Bitcoin, Cryptocurrencies, and Their Consensus Mechanisms eBooks on sale
Today 10 years ago I became Satoshi.
Where can I find arguments AGAINST Bitcoin and crypto?
Are you interested in making extra cash from your mobile phone or pc to earn a good profit directly into your bank account or bitcoin wallet?
What prevents someone from broadcasting a version of the blockchain mined with a lower difficulty?
#Binance P2P
Environmental FUD is my favourite kind of FUD. "Thing uses energy!!!" Ah yes, just like literally everything else in your life. Whats everyone elses favourite kind of FUD?
State of Bitcoin
Is bitcoin energy usage a barrier to mass adoption?
NFL Player Sean Culkin to Convert Entire Salary to Bitcoin
If I put in 100 usd each month from now would I be in a good spot in 10 years do you reckon?
Chiefs tight end going all in on BTC!
Sean Culkin of the Kansas City Chiefs becomes first NFL player to convert entire salary to bitcoin
[ESPN] Kansas City Chiefs' Sean Culkin becomes 1st NFL player to convert entire salary to Bitcoin
New to crypto
Intro to bitcoin?
1 BTC
Bitcoin energy consumption?
Cryptocurrency and Blockchain a Technological Evolution
CashApp Bitcoin Taxes
Crypto Day Trading Sugggestion
An interesting read on AI and Blockchain for cryptocurrency like Bitcoin.
Need reviews of Celsius Crypto Loans
What is the best way to run a node? What is the ideal hardware, best VPMs, and anything else that's necessary?
Anyone else’s btc Coinbase transaction taking extra long ?
How To Create Account On Perfecttradeoptions.ltd
If I know public key and know password how to recover bitcoin?
Patrick Boyle - The Bitcoin Green Revolution - Is Cathie Wood Right About Bitcoin?
I made a 3 minute animation explaining Bitcoins' energy consumption
Debuting Split Lightning Payments via DJ Set - Try It Out! (details in comments)
This small Caribbean paradise is set to become the world's first fully Bitcoin-enabled community
Nigerian inn turns into country’s first to acknowledge Bitcoin payments
I'm a trading beginner, help
Sean Culkin of the Kansas City Chiefs becomes first NFL player to convert entire salary to bitcoin
Merchant Token - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021 - DeFi Payment Protocol that enables POS terminals on blockchains and brings consumer protection to crypto payments
Question: I DCA $50 per day buying Bitcoin, and in 10 years (3000 days) Bitcoin rises steadily to $1m. Then how many Bitcoins will i be holding in 2031? Will I have one Bitcoin at least?
Why is it taking so long for Bitcoin to transfer. It hasn’t confirmed it over 16 hours. Never has taken longer than 30 min. I know that it’s because there is a lot of traffic, but should I be worried?
Is the bear market over?
🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂🙂 This Blocktrading exchange is real and they are pay,. I tried with them and their was no crispy stories during the withdrawal, I love their transperancy.
Is there actually a good Desktop Crypto Tracker?
Putting market cap into perspective: Bitcoin at $50k is only half an Apple, which is one stock out of 7,000 globally.
Is anybody familiar with the website nexonbtc.com?
Crypto credit card with high transaction limit
One of the biggest cryptocurency and fintech events is coming up this Tuesday. The speakers of the conference include pre-imminent figures such as Michael Saylor of Microstrategy, Alexis Glick, veteran media personality and former Wall Street executive, and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak.
It'll be okay
Please confirm if this is a scam
JPMorgan Reportedly Planning To Offer A Bitcoin Fund
Investment
Why does everyone say Satoshi is the creator of bitcoin when he has publicly denied it on video? Seriously it's on youtube 🤔
YouTube just ended this stream for no reason
Triple PSA!
We are still early on bitcoin guys, prepare for the next bull run
The 'rents own Coinbase. Things done changed.
On The 4 Hour Chart, The Dip Lasted Exactly 69 Candles For A Total -27%
HorrorZone
Other projects
Arrano Network - Decentralized Exchange | DEX
Joined the squad!
Other projects
Help me get my money back and perhaps you'll make $5000
Bitcoin is being widely adapted as payments in various sectors!
Enjin Coin
is there any way to check if app (game) is mining crypto on my pc?
Irritated
Don't trust Dave Ramsey! - Investor would have been up 440% instead of 76% if he hadn't saught advice from "multi-millionaire" YouTuber .
https://cryptotabbrowser.com/21643056
Satoshi Nakamoto disappeared ten years ago today.
A refined Gentleman.
We own the currency. Now let’s petition businesses to start accepting it as currency. We’ll snowball effect it into businesses everywhere. Change.org petition below for Amazon to start accepting it
Bitcoin held critical support, is the bleeding finally over?
Coinbase or Gemini
f banks
NatWest's refusal to jump on the crypto bandwagon 'out of step' in financial services space
Investment is better than trading
Newbie Tutorial: Install Ubuntu Linux, Tor, Bitcoin Core, and Specter Wallet
I've been buying Bitcoin $100 a month and I've only really started doing this recently and I'm planning to do this for the next 10 years or so. My friend said to not invest in Bitcoin since it's already too expensive, even if it reaches another ATH, I won't be seeing a significant amount of ROI.
Bake to 50k by the end of the day.
Are there any Bitcoin exchanges that accept monthly automatic investments via EU direct debit into Bitcoin?
Are crypto investors serious?
Crypto Brief - April 26th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
Get Free 300 coin right now
BTC full node vs ETH full node(ETH full node only needs 500GB?)
NFL Player Sean Culkin Will Convert Full 2021 Salary To Bitcoin
Kansas City Chiefs’ Sean Culkin Will Become First NFL Player To Convert Full Salary Into Bitcoin.
AMA Lost BTC in 2013 scandal and bought back for in again for first time in 2021
Check out my BTC wallet
On Chain analysis - Where to start?
NFL Player for Kansas City Chiefs Sean Culkin to Convert 100% of Salary to Bitcoin – Bitcoin News
Thought this might fit in this sub
help: removing bitcoin core
Get Free 300 coin right now
Every time there is a dip
The Ten Bitcoin Commandments
{NAME}👋👋WELCOME TO 𝗡𝗜𝗧𝗥𝗢-𝗘𝗫𝗖𝗛𝗔𝗡𝗚𝗘 INVESTMENT COMPANY 👋👋 We have made it simple to earn money through investing on Bitcoin, without needing to learn about the technical details involved. All you need to do is deposit your Funds , and watch them grow every day! 🗳INVESTMENT PLANS🗳
German Bitcoiner who made 2 Mil EUR out of a few thousand tips 1 Mil EUR to the political party that will most likely "ban" BTC in germany
Is Bitcoin a Shitcoin?
Recovered coins
Gresham, Thiers And Demanding Payment In Bitcoin
Get Free 300 coin right now
Don’t Envy Bitcoiners — Be One!
JPMorgan went through the 6 stages of Bitcoin
Bitcoin Unspent output address query
Start trading or investing today for a better tomorrow
Logix Mining - World's most trusted Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment Seller - Amazing reduced prices!
New Crypto Currency Pittcoin
Rollercoin
Anyone feeling generous?
EU citizens: can you really just move to Portugal to benefit from their lenient crypto tax scheme?
Second Bitcoin exchange collapses in Turkey - NYKNYB
Anyone feeling generous?
200$ coin airdrop!
Camping World To Accept Bitcoin Payments
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, April 26, 2021
How many here actually knows how bitcoin work?
END DAY
Crypto veterans: From 2017-18, ETH moved independently of BTC to levels almost 3X where we are at now. Why did this happen and what made ETH go back to its valuation around 0.05 BTC?
I've had a couple of drinks. Feeling bad for the people who lost their coins this last week. Glassnode just released their latest newsletter, and the sell off, and loss of coins, came from newbies and overleveraged traders. Please, people, just fucking HODL. HODL is not just a meme.
CRED- an Indian credit card management and bill payment company has come up this ad “ pay your credit card bills on CRED and stand a chance to win 1 BTC”. To the moon !
Bret lee - Australian bowler has donated 1 BTC to India to cope with COVID 19 outbreak.
US unlikely to ban Bitcoin...
Ha! Imagine paying for a meal in Bitcoin. I think not. Everyone, and every company wants to get into Bitcoin.
NEXON just announced they are holding Bitcoin on their balance sheet...
The bitcoin dragon
Is running a bitcoin faucet viable in 2021?
When Bitcoin starts going back up.
Who or what changes blockchain code?
Also, me when someone asks who bitcoin works!!
Hello. I'm beginner. I have few doubts.
As Covid sweeps India, experts say cases and deaths are going unreported
Crypto Exchanges in South Korea might close on September
Somehow Robin Hood has come under the assumption that I would actually pay $98,000 for an eighth of a share of Bitcoin... I have yet to hear back from customer support!
Crypto Exchanges in South Korea might closed by September
"Unfortunately LocalBitcoins does not longer offer services in your current geographical area. In order to withdraw your remaining bitcoins, please proceed to account deletion."
Tesla Sold Bitcoin (BTC) to Prove Its Viability as a Currency
Asian Video Game Publisher Nexon Buys $100M in Bitcoin
Question about withdrawal
i need money
Has anyone had this issue logging into binance with a vpn
Tesla Selling Bitcoin is Actually Bullish AF
Indústria farmacêutica
How low will the dollar go? Will we see 420 sats per dollar in 2021? That's $238k per BTC.
Getting started with Bitcoin
“Not bad for some magic internet money.”
How fiat money came to be and its consequences:
Japan's Nexon spends $100 mln to buy bitcoin
Best Apple deals this week: AirPods, iPads, Apple Watch, and the MacBook Pro..
Best Apple deals this week: AirPods, iPads, Apple Watch, and the MacBook Pro..
Moving BTC from exchange to hard wallet taxable event?
The Unhashed Podcast: Deathbed Jenkem
This is the newest project of him?
Asian Video Game Publisher Nexon Buys $100M in Bitcoin
WIREX Facts Revealed.
Visa CEO: Moving into Bitcoin in a “Very Big Way”
Psychology of Crypto
Swedish head of the central bank about Bitcoin
Do you know a bitcoin fee estimator that actually works?
Half of All US Voters Will Own Bitcoin by Year-End As BTC Spreads Like Wildfire, Says Michael Saylor
sweetybit.com legit site?
Repaying Initial investment
Buying bitcoin via Gemini
BREAKING: @Nexon_America purchases $100M worth of Bitcoin.
Nexon purchases $100 million worth of Bitcoin
CoinBox Wallet App
Moving into Bitcoin is not just an economic imperative, but a moral duty. | Fiat, Fascism and Communism
Stablecoin vs BTC staking
$65 in an old wallet, is it possible to move it cheaply?
Lord forgive him for he knows not what he says
Yesterday in EST when I re-bought BTC it was the day when Satoshi left his last message
Major Venezuelan Aviation Academy Enables Bitcoin Payments as Crypto Adoption Keeps Rising in the Country
Fortune post calling Bitcoin a 'misadventure' - that's funny...
Question about bitcoin
Thank You: Yesterday 1920 pounds (871 kilos) of Food were given to people in my community in Venezuela.
I’m new to Bitcoin, any foreseeable drops?
Still Getting Your Head Around Digital Currency? So Are Central Bankers.
Indústria farmacêutica
Young Koreans Turning to Crypto as Alternative for Creating Wealth
Got my dad off zero
These 4206.9 Bitcoin are from the future. You don't get the reference yet.
SCAM i'm pretty sure
Buying a house
Animals Tokennn
Indústria farmacêutica
Bitcoin was in a bear market for 1 week... Now we are on our way to 100k
Mushrooms &amp; Bitcoin = Billions
Tesla’s “Master of Coin” explaining their Bitcoin position during the Q1 earnings call *AUDIO*
You told me so (update): BlockFi lowers rates and issues new restrictions with less than a week of notice. 3 Factor withdrawal is flagged, demands live biometric data and delay for manual review.
Mine Bitcoin on any iOS device or computer
Legit!!!
Gemini APY interest rate
Who controls the algorithm that makes the price change? Where is is stored? Does every exchange have their own? Etc
Automatic Bitcoin transfer
Turkey to Regulate Bitcoin Exchanges After Fiascos: Report
Atomic Wallet
Coinbase has my funds in a second "vault" that their interface no longer allows me to access.
I Know no one will send BTC but worth a shot i guess 3AzsZUfo7ZPYA771p9e8B6DYzN6BhgsHHa
Learning have no limits
All the scarry stories about lock out accounts ??
Claim Free Crypto Daily - GlobalHive Official Faucet Website
Diginex CEO believes “Bitcoin will reach 175k by the EOY”. He understands the crypto market better than any other exchange CEO and that’s why I like their exchange and company.
Tesla's Bitcoin Holdings: Running the Numbers
How safe is Coinbase wallet?
The fastest way to Synchronize a wallet with 1K+ private keys? Perhaps Electrum to Bitcoin-Qt (Bitcoin Core) wallet? Any advice?
What is your BTC price prediction for the end of the year and this summer?
Transaction stuck for days, how do I fix
Is paying with Bitcoin paying under the table? In which case, isn’t cash just better?
What you say about this
*Exhanges for 1 of something* -&gt; Gets 0.99999999 of it
What I can't forget about bitcoin
Bitcoin is a bad long term investment. Change my mind.
Tesla’s “Master of Coin” explains their Bitcoin position during the Q1 earning call *AUDIO*
Not your keys, not your business.
What should I buy for my first Stock?
When is this happening?
Why cryptocurrencies are not dumb?
How do blockchain companies generate revenue?
animals token
Helping and supporting people church and students
Coinbase banning "wrongthink". It's the right today, it'll be you in the future.
Name my Yacht
Whatever your political opinions, Coinbase is kicking "wrongthinkers" off their exchange. Today it's the right, tomorrow it'll be you
Name my Yacht
animals token
Scammed. Beware.
😬bear market
Hamilton jumped in crypto? r/BlackLivesMatterToken
University of Vienna reveals: Well-known Austrian/German Newspapers online-outlet is supporting users, that are actively spreading blatantly misinformations/fakenews on every article on BTC and their moderators are not doing anything because of lack of knowledge.
Facebook now into Bitcoin ?
Where do large investors buy BTC?
PancakeSwap Tutorial - How to use PancakeSwap with Trust Wallet - Fees Under 50 Cents!
Are you familiar with bitcoin trading?
Use p2p crypto trading platform to avoid tax on bitcoin profit taking?
Maybe new ATH
$Fiftyfive$
Does this subreddit do megathreads?
Buy and sell digital currencies using over 350 different payment methods.
They don‘t know [insert caption]
Keeping full control of your keys is not compatible with mass adoption
Will AI Replace Human Jobs?
✊🏾$BLACKLIVESMATTER will Become The Biggest Charity Token On Earth! [FEW days old] 🖤✊🏾
Apple buying bitcoin?
Flow of Assets - effect on Real Property?
Elon and Tesla stressed test bitcoin and it succed
Technology Behind GMOs And What They Are
Click new
Click new
Lightning node break even
First AirDrop on BOB token 🚀💸🤯
Report: Turkey To Establish Custodian Bank For Bitcoin Exchanges
What would have happened in Weimar Germany if everyone there had owned 5% of their savings in bitcoin?
Robinhood Crypto is splitting up $1 Million in cash! Sign up with my link, trade crypto and we'll both get a piece 🤝 https://join.robinhood.com/marcusk5?crypto_promo=1
How does the Bitcoin protocol choose whether a miner's hash power goes to mining new bitcoin or toward confirming transactions?
Want to seII 0,029 Bitc0in for 85 U.S.D Pay-Pal. Pm please
Every time bitcoin dips
from where can i buy btc to send directly to my wallet???
It's a catchy INDEX (DOGY) Dogeyield 0.0002 where could we end up??
BitClout
Save Education With Technology
Finder's Bitcoin Prediction Survey Shows Respondents Forecast Six-Digit BTC Prices – Markets and Prices Bitcoin News
My shot for 1 BTC giveaway from 2011. Let's see what happens.
Artificial and Virtual Classrooms
😂😂👍
I’m new to cryptocurrencies. What do you think I should buy as a start?
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.1.9 - bitcoin hardware with @ketominer and @nvk
Buy back mvis 19.50
What Technology Will Look Like in 2024
MarsX - $MRSX - Let's fly to Mars 🚀🚀🚀
dogecoin and matic exploded exactly as predicted!!!!!!
Why I like monkey
It’s a bubble?
bitcoin investors
bitcoin investing
It's happening!
Bitcoin helped me set my two sons up
Noob question - is tesla selling 10% why btc dropped to 47k
How to market a cryptocurrency or blockchain project?
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more! Spring SALE!
Took me 2 years to get .5 bitcoin!!!
Was linked an article about ETFTs ( Exchange Traded Fund Tokens ) Is this a viable option vs Bitcoin ETFs?...
NFTs, Explained
Reduce Transaction Fees
For anyone wanting a god awful read by a lazy and systematic journalist. It’s also good to understand how ignorant some media choose to be. Have fun staying poor.
What if cryptocurrency never existed??
Bitcoin is a rollercoaster
Turkey Cryptocurrency Exchange Bust Spurs Move for Regulation
Ethereum Wallets Having Over 1 ETH Surge To All-Time Highs
AN ERA OF CRYPTOLIZATION - NFT ART
igmholdings.com Review
TO THE MOON Bitcoin latest – Elon Musk support sees cryptocurrency price surge but Ethereum ‘has more potential’ as Dogecoin slumps
So does anyone here actually care about the negative side of BitCoin
Look at this...
Chinese engineer creates awesome motorcycle.
Wrapped Bitcoin - specific use cases?
Novice Question: How long is a market Cycle?
Why to have only want source of income, while you can make MULTIPLE 💸😍 DM me for more 📩. #trading #forextrading #stocks #binary #money #moneymaking #makingmoney #crypto #cryptocurrency #investing #business #moneylove
I have 1,000 Dlls to buy Bitcoin. Should i wait more time or buy now?
Why to have only want source of income, while you can make MULTIPLE 💸😍 DM me for more 📩. #trading #forextrading #stocks #binary #money #moneymaking #makingmoney #crypto #cryptocurrency #investing #business #moneylove
Bitcoin Brainwallet Cracker - oh my god!
Adiós Bitcoin
What are the benefits of joining a Bitcoin group?
How to make money easily with bitcoin trading?
Why do I have a $15 miner fee to send $30 worth of money?
How do i bitcoin under 18
Simplify the way you trade cryptocurrency by joining me on NDAX – Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
Need Help With PayPal and BTC
WINk The Rocket🚀
Bright future ahead of us! Interview Raoul Pal (german sub)
How does Bitcoin work? Simple and precise 5 minutes explanation (all animated). Thanks for the feedback on the script :)
My hatred for crypto influencers grows everyday
Will
Brett Lee donates 1 Bitcoin to India's COVID relief
Roobet funds needed
Bitcoin Price Todey - HOT!
1 Bitcoin Website
How does Bitcoin handle transactions?
Not tulips, but rather coffee
BTC for ETH
$55K can we hit $60K by end of day?
El Salvador Surf Team Rides The Bitcoin Wave - The home country of Bitcoin Beach once again enjoys the immense benefits of the initiative that gave back to the community
Join the Bitcoin Billionaires Discord Server!
10 Years Ago Today, Bitcoin Creator Satoshi Nakamoto Sent His Final Message
LIQUIDATE - (Elevate Remix) Bitcoin Parody Rap Song
#Bitcoin
I think I got scammed
Made this render of bitcoin on fungi. Looks real to me.
Iran Authorizes Banks and Currency Exchangers to Use Cryptocurrencies to Pay for Imports, bullish 🔥🔥
Iran Central Bank to Allow Money Changers, Banks to Pay for Imports Using Mined Crypto, bullish 🔥🔥🔥
bullish 🔥🔥🔥🔥
I need help scammed by Police about 45 Bitcoins!
How do I read the Blockchain?
Daily Bitcoin News April 26th, 2021
Bitcoin to xmr
Recently bought Bitcoin
Which is the best practice to sweep your private keys from wallet papers to hardware wallet?
Tesla; He got his first profit from bitcoin
Pantera's $115k Bitcoin Price Target with Dan Morehead
I’ve had so many wonderful experiences with my platform which makes Cryptocurrency much more interesting as day goes by.
I will teach 5 people on how to make money with binary trading , bitcoin trading and forex trading ... contact me now by messaging me
12 vs 24 word mnemonics, salt and entropy
Hi all! I created a site last night with high quality crypto March offering a variety of collections! Give it a look and hopefully something catches your eye
Citadel Dispatch e0.1.9 - bitcoin hardware with @ketominer and @nvk
How exactly do bitcoin nodes validate block hashes?
Catch Next Bitcoin - Hot updates on Crypto
Raoul Pal on Cryptocurrencies - the investment opportunity of a lifetime (Bitcoin)
Mining with Free Electricity?
Boomer Column: Coinbase had a great public stock offering. That doesn’t make bitcoin legit
Btc is fueling up....🥳🥳
Iran Authorizes Use Of Officially Mined Cryptocurrency For Import Payments
Australian cricketer Brett Lee donates 1 BTC to India's COVID relief effort. Knowing how big cricket is in India, gestures like these can go a long way in normalising BTC and crypto in a market like India
Doge yield (DOGY)
Vericoin, VeriStore subscription money.
HELP ME
Bigger the better dogeyeald
Dollar Cost Averaging
Free 10,000 berry coin 100$ AirDrop
Paris Baguette Coin???
Crypto Exchange Miami
NEXT #dogecoin #ElonMusk ticker #cryptos #Bitcoin$AABB FROM .21 CENTS TO $5.07 TARGET PRICE NEW BITCOIN BACKED BY GOLD BUY AABB =$$$$$$$
Elon Musk has paper hands
所有ALTcoin至少还有3X，最好有L2/Web 3.0/NFT/DEX/Payment 的老大
$DIGI $DKBSF WIN a year's free subscription:
NEXT #dogecoin #ElonMusk ticker #cryptos #Bitcoin$AABB FROM .21 CENTS TO $5.07 TARGET PRICE NEW BITCOIN BACKED BY GOLD BUY AABB =$$$$$$$
Taproot.Watch - shows taproot signaling by miners over the last difficulty period
We are to low right now
Bitcoin fam! I recently launched a clothing brand and am accepting payment in Bitcoin or other crypto! If ya like minimalism check it out.
Passive Income has partnered with Degenerate Money to create a new NFT Collection
BTC newbie here
I Just Don’t Understand How People Can Sell
Another Dip, Another Bounce — Why You Should Take Advantage of Bitcoin Dips While They Are Here
Report: Biden Seeking To Nearly Double Capital Gains Taxes For Wealthy Americans
Could the bitcoin hashes ever be hacked?
This guy is buying bitcoin 10 years ago using PayPal at 30 Cents per Bitcoin.The Paypal fee of 39 Cents that he paid for this transaction was costlier than bitcoin
Instantly swap your crypto in seconds. Fast Crypto Swaps. NO SIGN UP, NO KYC, NO LIMITS, NO RESTRICTIONS. It is crypto bull season, Use Novoswap.com and instantly swap between $SAFEMOON $DOGE $XRP $BTC, $USDT, $ETH, $XLM, $ADA, $DOT, $LINK, &amp;ATOM, $BCH, $UNI, $SUSHI, $AAVE, $XEM, $TRX
So El Salvador gets 20% of GDP through remittances. They pay an average of 30% in fees. Meaning El Salvador could increase GDP by 6.6% just by switching from Western Union to Strike Global. That’s insane.
Why always HODL if bitcoin's macro cycles are so clear?
Thank you Bitcoin. The mining bots abusing free CPU testing and automatization services in the last couple of months and they are stopping offering their services for open source projects... Bjarne: "I told you so."
Price to the moon
Can Bitcoin be weaponized by China?
Yet another one.
Bitcoin
"To all hatters on earth, I'm already mining the moon " Doge coin
Inflation In Argentina - email from client at work who ordered a melting ice cube / gift card
Need help understanding this on BFG miner
Can someone help me make sense of this
I was surprised to see r/programming hating on Crypto :( Sadly not everyone gets it yet.
Bitcoin reached $55,000 and other cryptocurrencies continue to recover
Metcalfe's Law, Applied to Bitcoin
🐃🐃BISON DeFi Charity RELEASING TODAY AT 12 AM UTC/8PM EST!! GAINS EXPECTED! WATCH LIVE 🐃🐃
Bitcoin Network Status Update Tuesday, April 27, 2021
A word about BTC transaction fees
investments
U.S. Bank To Offer Bitcoin Custody, Administer NYDIG's Bitcoin ETF
Elon Musk Confirms He Owns Bitcoin, Has Not Sold Any — Tesla Intends to Hold BTC Long Term, Sold Some to Prove Liquidity
Option expiry - 8k BTC open interest at $80,000 on Friday according to Deribit
The last couple days
Help me please
David Letterman joking about the internet in 1995 - sounds like people talking about Bitcoin in 2021
What is cheapest way to transfer funds from exhange (coinbase pro) to wallet (ledger) ?
So, the LN system can scale up by reducing the number of transactions on the blockchain? How will this affect the miners? A very interesting post to read. #Bitcoinblocksizematters
How to find a good company for investment? - Financial Centre
Do we expect another pullback in the next few days or weekends? I missed the dip and I don't know if I should go in now :(
Do you know someone (preferably from EU countries) who has succesfully changed his tax Residency...(Tax Avoidance)?
NJ County Sells Bitcoin Seized in Drugs Bust for 250% Gains
Investments
NFL player Sean Culkin converted his $970,000 salary to Bitcoin. Culkin is the first player to convert 100% of his salary to crypto. Also, Culkin believes Bitcoin is a good store of value asset.
Elon Musk Confirms He Has Not Sold Any BTC
Beautiful
Anyone know what crypto app this is? r/bitcoin
Chicago
Need Help,
Need help with BTC
"Soon more CEOs will join Elon, Cameron, Tyler and Michael and Bitcoin's rise will be the stuff of legends"
South Koreans Are Required to Pay Taxes for Crypto Holdings in Overseas Exchanges
When I try to send coins from Mycelium, I’m only able to send 16 usd? As you can see on the right side, I’ve got 78,30 usd worth of coins in my account. Is the transaction fee really over four times bigger, than the amount I want to send. Can someone please explain?
The most secure cryptocurrency trading.
How bitcoin led to Ethereum?
END DAY
https://teespring.com/es/real-life-2938?pid=333&amp;cid=6633&amp;sid=front
Murph from Garn Comedy just went to war with Bitcoin 🤣
How bad is the government regulation going to be for us? What are the price implications? This was just announced
Comparing BTC performance with Canadian ETFs (see first comment for details)
Don't make the same mistake I did. Robinhood liquated all my crypto. I made a mistake doing a full transfer instead of a partial transfer to TD Ameritrade.
Great opportunity
Bitcoin Price Prediction: Why Bitcoin Could Be About To Soar
Get your cheap 4K bitcoins here! (in Spanish)
Is not possible for a coin to go to absolute zero $ when a market crashes right? For example VET ($0.19 USD now) could only drop to 0.004$ (price it had when released) if armageddon happens right? Yup I'm a newbie with these kinda questions.sorry.
Are they trying to get us to sell our BTC?
Slowly But Surely!
Selling all your bitcoin to buy DOGE 😅
BTC PLANET
Can I copy the blocks folder from Windows to a Raspberry Pi so I don't have to re-download the whole thing?
I know it makes sense, but I'm not sure why. How do all of the exchanges track roughly the same and keep around the same price?
Bitcoin Price Analysis and May predictions
Selling all of my Bitcoin 🤔
Spare change app?
Work Bonuses in Crypto
One currency to rule them all
Scammed over $100 from Voyager
Almost had a tornado tonight!! Bitcoin bugout plans
My sweet sweet portfolio tracker
free crypto coins
If we close the month with 58.7k usd, it will be a historical moment for bitcoin with 7th green candle close
I Don't care what J.P Morgan says.
Suprimentos e IA
A Tesla Theory
Proof of Concept: Midwestern Us Car Dealerships Taking Bitcoin as Payment
If you could ask Satoshi one question, what would it be?
The co-founder of BTCEX.ME： CEO: Brendan Fraser：Born in Baltimore, USA in 1987, he emerged in the technology industry in 2010 and joined BTCEX.ME in 2018, the world's leading blockchain angel investor.
Who’s buying daily?
Merkle Trees for scaling?
SmartStake on MyMingo Finance - Easy Staking for FLM on NEO Blockchain
Asking for help from Lebanon
Elon musk is African
best place to stake your BTC ?
Top Bitcoin Whale Addresses Have Cumulatively Added 90,000 BTC ($4.92B) Since April 5th
Bitcoin Defi Staking?
Long term hodlers- sell pieces for living expenses or take out rolling collateralized loans?
If it's to good to be true, it most definitely is #HideYourCoins
Bitcoin Miners Unfazed by Bears, Stacking Up as BTC/USD Trend Below $60k
But now or wait?
Hacking challenge with a 1.7M satoshi reward
DOJ Ransomware Panel to Propose 'Aggressive' Bitcoin Regulations: Report
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Huh, good times: curious kitten and BTC 9700😌
Bitcoin versus Index funds
Oversimplified history of money &amp; Bitcoin’s place
wallet bitcoincore problem
Gifting Bitcoin
Bitcoincore and a series of unfortunate events
MOBILE BITCOIN Cloud MINER
Oversimplified story of money &amp; Bitcoin
Season finale of bitcoin and friends is lit
Portfolio Balance: Anyone have suggestions on BTC/ETH/Other ratios?
Bitcoin Crossing the Alps
Umm I think this makes a case for Bitcoin...
Suprimentos e IA
There’s evidence of the first complex arbitrage systems around the time when the Code of Hammurabi was written in 1760 BC. To understand arbitrage is first to understand the never-ending search for inefficient markets. What's the best platform for Crypto arbitrage??
Is the stock market even a reasonable play anymore?
Can you mine bitcoin in space?
bitcoin satellite new base station
How do I begin?
Need help sending and receiving lighting Network sats
Unable to find my crypto I sent back in Jan 2018
I startet Bitcoin Mining Today
Is DCA into BTC always going to be a good strategy?
Ive got a question for fellow germans
Why does bitcoin encrypt messages?
Tesla’s Bitcoin Stash Now Worth $2.5 Billion, SEC Filing Shows
Suprimentos e IA
Eth or bit
An Ode And Forthcoming Obituary To Bitcoin’s Four-Year Cycle
What does a Wasabi Coinjoin transaction look like?
Tax advice please
How market cap works, and the reason Bitcoin will DOUBLE in price overnight. (HODL)
Available in cameroon 🇨🇲
Besides investing in bitcoin, should I also invest in property, gold &amp; commodities? [Bitcoin Basics Podcast]
B-Datagray launching cool blockchain project and doing airdrop
The Facebook Test
Investment guide for beginners
First bitcoin buy ?
Monkey TCPIP Servers &amp; Killing Cute Baby Bunnies, etc.
Flow of Assets - effect on Real Property?
Where do large investors buy BTC?
So you think you are late to the party?
Getting the bottles ready for upcoming price points for ETH and iExec RLC
Bitcoin guide for beginners
Bitcoin Audible: Read_521 - You Are Not Prepared [Knut Svanholm]
21st century bitcoin is like 1400-1500s european exploration
21st century bitcoin is like european exploration in the 1400-1500s
What causes Bitcoin to jump $1K and then drop right back down within 10 minutes? Is there some market manipulation going on?
Facebook posts massive $26 billion revenue – but not a Bitcoin in sight
Sold right before it really took off now I feel so dumb
BTC not a hedge against anything says Nassim Taleb
If you had the money would you buy a full bitcoin today?
Interesting take from Jack and Elon "Tech Giants Jack Dorsey and Elon Musk Say Bitcoin Incentivizes Renewable Energy"
Visualization : THIS IS ONLY 0.91 BTC!
I believe💪🏼
Evolution of bitcoin maximalist
Ha! Coinbase karma is catching up to them: Washington DC fined them.
Reimagine Your Life With Bitcoin
Cathie Wood: Bitcoin Predictions [A relevant interview and reminder from 2020 due to current volatility &amp; events]
According to rumors, Facebook may reveal it owns Bitcoin tomorrow
Its not much but im doing my part. Bitcoin core "node" in a raspberrypi 3+ ,7" touch screen. Earlier post was deleted @ /cryptocurrency :(
Just made this unbreakable bitcoin sign for my store! What do you guys think?
Help a newbie buy Bitcoin
i want to set up small recurring weeky purchases
Can someone explain this candle please
Opinion on the decentralized internet
Bitcoin Core won't accept my password!
Seed signer . Works for multi signatures. Specter wallet is extremely difficult to set up through umbrel
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
🎁
How To Exchange Bitcoin For Cash
Help Please!
Extension Boards
Portfolio help!
Here’s a great use case law enforcement can utilize with Bitcoin.
U.S. Government Sells 9.45 BTC At Significant Market Discount
Address Generator
If this isn't a proof of mass adoption then what else? My girl bought me this soup at local Watson's
Facebook didnt buy bitcoin
Do you think this ICO is a scam? I already invested over $500 in it
Bitcoin gambling!
Fuck Yes !!!! I am on the ballot as a Democratic Party candidate in New York City !!!! Help me get elected and I will fuck with the Bitlicense !!!!
How an address was generated "back in the day"?
68k, possibly over shoot to the 70's? thoughts
BITCOIN HOJE | BITCOIN PODE CHEGAR A 100 MIL DÓLARES ESTE ANO | BITCOIN ...
There wont be another coin
Hey guys I just make an Crypto Notepad app!
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
$fb facebook didnt buy $bitcoin $btc
BUSINESS INSIDER ...FAIL
I am sick of all the moonshots, tokens and false promises. What can we do better in crypto?
CoinXHASH Scam
Coinbase
Best Wallet For anonymity ?
Anyone here an affiliate of a bitcoin casino or have their own?
I sold all my crypto Feb 28
Can I mine BTC using only an HP Pavilion 15 with a GTX1050 and Core i5 8th gen?
As Fed Commits To Holding Interest Rates At 0%, More Investors Will Turn To Bitcoin
Facebook bought Bitcoin
Instantly swap your crypto in seconds. Fast Crypto Swaps. NO SIGN UP, NO KYC, NO LIMITS, NO RESTRICTIONS. It is crypto bull season, Use Novoswap.com and instantly swap between $SAFEMOON $DOGE $XRP $BTC, $USDT, $ETH, $XLM, $ADA, $DOT, $LINK, &amp;ATOM, $BCH, $UNI, $SUSHI, $AAVE, $XEM, $TRX
Good time to move 10% of BTC into ETH?
Satoshi Disappear Day
Facebook did NOT buy Crypto
Bitcoin Binary Trading
She hates me but supports me.
Is coinx.ai a safe bitcoin platform. There is nothing on Google.
Facebook did not buy
Who knows where I can buy bitcoin with greendot ?
Are you interested in making extra cash from your mobile phone or pc to earn a good profit directly into your bank account or bitcoin wallet?
What whale just shot the price up?
Facebook is reporting quarter earnings right this moment and bitcoin is moving straight up... Is there an announcement being made?
I sold all my crypto Feb 28
Some guy on 4chan is saying the BCHA fork has a better consensus model than the tried and tested BTC - any merit to that?
I sold all my crypto Feb 28
Theoretically, what would it take for Amazon (feel free to apply this to other platforms) to use Bitcoin? What would it take for/what would happen if a country was to invest copiously in Bitcoin?
Jerome Powell (head of The Fed) discussing the roll of digital currencies in the future
Best Wallet for immediate buy/transfer small amounts of BTC?
Theoretically, what would it take for Amazon (feel free to apply this to other platforms) to use Bitcoin? What would it take for/what would happen if a country to invest copiously in Bitcoin?
People really don't know what they are talking about. The anti-crypto propaganda is very strong. Do your part to learn about what Bitcoin really is to educate yourself and others about its advantages and disadvantages.
Theoretically, what would it take for Amazon (feel free to apply this to other platforms) to use Bitcoin? What would it take for/what would happen if a country to invest copiously in Bitcoin?
Bitcoin Is Worth More Than Double All US Gold Reserves
GBTC
I sold all my crypto Feb 28
Will Facebook and Apple etc Report Holding Bitcoins Today?
$15 FREE Bitcoin...Read on for more details
Bitcoin Design for BTC Trader and lover
A Mass Psychology Explanation for $50k-60k Purgatory
Want $15 in FREE Bitcoin...Read more for details
How To Profit From The 2021 Cryptocurrency Bullrun!!!
Orange pilling
Any places where I can sell my old stuff for bitcoin?
Creating a Wallet and Put Some Money in it Without Using an Exchange
Retro Bitcoin Design for BTC Trader and lover
Italian media is spreading a lot of FUD about bitcoin
Join the ROCKET PUMP 🚀 Discord Server!
Remember when bitcoin was only 500 Billion market cap?
4,000 German institutional investment funds holding $1.8 trillion, "Spezialfonds", will now be eligible to invest in bitcoin ₿ on July 1st, thanks to new legislation.
how does breadwallet 12 phrase work? Can't someone just brute force it since it's just english words?
Bitcoin Has Officially Passed Tesla's Test, Elon Musk Reveals
My Wife And I Have Become Bitcoin Laughstocks 😆 ❌
Bitcoin bad for the environment articles
Cricket Star Donates One BTC To Help India’s COVID-19 Fight
Tax question
Could China do a 51% attack to sabotage Bitcoin?
When Bitcoin Top?
Turkish Central Bank Considers Becoming Bitcoin Custodian
ربات تریدر خودکار
$AABB $BTC_F $BTC.X $DOGE I have been a very successful Trader/Broker for 30 years self made Millionaire. This stock is a Gem.BUY AABB =$$$$$$$ Mark my words it will be Bigger than Bitcoin, its backed up by Gold, Bitcoin backed up by ABSOLUTELY NOTHING!! TARGET PRICE WITHIN 1 MONTH IS $5.00Guarant
Building on BTC vs building on ETH blockchain?
NFT Creator App &amp; Marketplace using Bitcoin Cash - Back this project &amp; get rewarded!
Will Bitcoin hit 100k? Here's why it actually might happen
money machine go BRRRRRR! FED announces $80BIL/Month in gov debt purchases to keep interest rates artificially low.
very nice
NFT Creator App &amp; Marketplace using Bitcoin Cash - Back this project &amp; get rewarded!
Residents of Caribbean island can conduct local transactions using Bitcoin
Is it too late to make money from bitcoin?
Who still believes that Bitcoin can reach $ 100,000?
A demo on how to catch a falling knife in the bear market. No more worries, when it keeps dipping when you buy the dip!
US Fed inflation and economic stimulus plans
Who still believes that Bitcoin can reach $ 100,000?
If you are reading this, you an early bitcoin adopter.
"Facebook is rumoured to hold bitcoin" - Fox Business
Never waste a dip.
Will bitcoin retrieve back to 40k
That was a good dip.
Is it possible to use BTC-LTC atomic swaps as an extra layer to Bitcoin for faster transactions? Also we can do the same with BTC-XMR pair for totally private transactions! I don't know if it can work because I am not a DEV but it sounds like a cool idea!
Best article I could find about Tesla selling their Bitcoins
$Bitcoinminiring
Any engineers want to work in a bitcoin-only company?
'Damn Huge': Germany Opens Up to Institutional Crypto Funds
My Wife And I Have Become Bitcoin Laughstocks 😆 ❌
This is the newest project of him?
Selling my 0.050 btc for $1800 dm me to purchase only accepted payment method is paypal.
Bitcoin Beginner : what is seed phrase on Trezor linked to ?
PRE SALE OFFER
Shiba is Coming!!!
Building on BTC vs building on ETH blockchain
If bitcoin can handle ~4 tx/s, how do exchanges process so many orders per second?
Anyone selling a Bitcoin?
Bitcoin
The next several hours important to watch for the path of Bitcoin... back up to 60k or down to 50k? Thoughts?
MAKING PEOPLE RICH🚀
Time Is Running Out to Win the Blockchain Race
Too the MOON 🌚❤️ #bitcoin
Tesla owns 42176 Bitcoin (After the sale, currently 73% higher than aggregate price)
http://bit.do/Atomicwallet
IS there such a thing as a cheep "plug and play" beginner mining rig?
Crypto Daily on Twitter
Japan's Nexon spends $100 million to buy bitcoin
Former U.S. Regulator Joins Square To Lead Bitcoin Policy
Daily Bitcoin News April 27th, 2021
Elon Musk’s Tesla Sells 10 Per Cent Of Its Bitcoins, Here Is Why?
A Beginner's Guide To Cryptocurrency Make Money Bitcoin 2021
Tesla selling 10% is actually a Good Thing
3 Reasons Facebook Should Buy and Hold Bitcoin
Supporting Taproot at River
Can someone lend me Bitcoin?
Single Mother Needs Help
Why Bitcoin is the Ultimate form of sound money
Single Mother Needs Funding Help
Does WeBull own my Crypto?
Turkey reverses crypto ban, AAVE AIP 16, NYSE to list Valkyrie Bitcoin ETF and more
“Say you love #Bitcoin without saying you love bitcoin.” Challenge accepted...
This decision could be a game changer for Crypto ... SEC delays decision on approving bitcoin ETF
SEC Pushes VanEck Bitcoin ETF Decision to At Least June The SEC has yet to approve any bitcoin ETFs in the U.S.
On What HODLing Bitcoin Really Means
Serious Question: Bitcoin Monetary Policy vs Dogecoin Monetary Policy
Cryptocurrency is becoming more legal
CEO Of Morton's, Bubba Gump Shrimp, Says Restaurants Will Start Accepting Bitcoin This Week
Bittrex is not allowing people to take money out.
Why invest in coins with no real use case when you can invest in SHREW!
Which one are you ?
How To Profit From The 2021 Cryptocurrency Bullrun!!
The first prototype of the bitcoin crypto printing machine.
Think we are going to be waiting a while for 60k
90k holders in 10 days bonfire token 🔥
If you want a good laugh check this out ! An open invitation to Elon Musk, one Dogefather to another.
What are the most influential people in crypto for you ?
Bitcoin is love
Uncovering The Hidden Costs Of The Petrodollar By Alex Gladstein of the Human Right Foundation. This is why we Bitcoin.
Is this scam?
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, April 28, 2021
This isn't 4chan, memes are not cool
Why won’t an altruistic miner mine low fee transactions?
Serious Question: Bitcoin Monetary Policy vs Dogecoin Monetary Policy
I've been WAITING for this!!! Dan's second installment on What Bitcoin Did. The Bitcoin Supercycle Revisited with Dan Held
Grayscale's Drop Gold For Bitcoin Commercial
Are there any services that automatically collect airdrops for you?
Bittpayoptions.com...is a SCAM! Yes The withdrawal process is "seamless" because it seems like you have less after you realize you can't withdraw! Lol.
5 Reasons You Need Crypto in Your Retirement Portfolio in 2021
SEC delays decision on approving bitcoin ETF
What are the different marine species catergories for BTC holders, Whales, Dolphins etc.?
Crypto Island: Bequia to be site of world's first Bitcoin community
Please critique my retirement plan based on my Bitcoin holdings...
Hey guys, just to cheer you up! :) Funny isnt it?
Foreign Pump &amp; Dump group: Any recommendation?
Explain Bitcoin like I'm 5 | Animated Explainer you can share with beginners
Elon Musk advice to doge hodl😎😎
U.S. Officials Arrest Alleged Operator Of Mixing Service Bitcoin Fog
Explain Bitcoin like I'm 5 | Animated explainer you can share with beginners
how do i make a BC wallet?
Hey guy, just to cheer you up! have some laugh:)
How do I exchange electronic currency with the best rates using BestChange?
Goldman Sucks is still in denial stage
Can I make my Coinbase account but have my parents bank account to make transections?
WATCH THIS VIDEO ABOUT MADDIE MCCAN
My wife: “we only have $94 in our checking account you need to stop buying Bitcoin ₿." Me:
Trade with www.cryptowealthfxt.com
Transaction with multiple inputs from the same address
Bitcoin is the future: Chiefs’ Sean Culkin to become first NFL player to convert 2021 salary into crypto
Soulja Boy Told'em
Buying Bitcoins early...
https://bitcoin8m.org/en/2021/03/19/6-prominent-bitcoin-scalability-problems-and-how-they-affect-its-full-scale-adoption/
Singh Is Bling Best Of Akshay kumar BlockBuster Comedy Scene
"This article provides an engaging introduction to the block scaling issues that many people appear unconcerned about. #Bitcoinblocksizematters"
END DAY
Documenting Gains- BTC, XRP
Was I scammed?
Revolut to allow bitcoin withdrawals
Buying something online with bitcoin
The pillaging never ends: Large institutions now buying real estate in an already overheated market…. Bitcoin fixes this!
Midwest Nice-Off
All the time you spend trying to get back what's been sold, more is going out the back door.
Prometheus coin - PROM/BUSD
Maybe a taboo question but what's the cheapest way to sell Bitcoin?
The biggest thing that I can't stand about Bitcoin...
Lazy bucks
Do you guys see bitcoin as a store of value or as a currency?
Recover wallet from 12 word seed phrase
Best hardware wallet
Providing Bitcoin as payment to small/medium businesses
I was scammed for everything.
In retrospect, it was inevitable
Understand why buying Bitcoin under $60K is a great buying opportunity
Scammed :(
Real time BTC tracker. No fluff. No Ads. Straight BTC data
Scammer?
Comércio transfronteiriço
Over 800 Ebang E9+
Building an app, need feedback!
900 Ebang Ebit E9+ offering!
Crypto Prosecutor Thwarted in Bid to Leave Post – and Join an Exchange
Was I scammed?
Just invested $1000 , haven't told anyone. hope to invest more this week.
Bitcoin Stories: Anna Stone, Strategy &amp; Go-to-market Lead, GoodDollar.or...
Been buying a lot of bitcoin on Bitbuy exchange and Bitbuy contacted me by phone
Bitcoin Stories: Bruce Silcoff, CEO of Shyft (Episode 098)
Adapter for wallet? Pls help
idk about you guys, but I grew up in the ghetto. Knowing those I cared about &amp; grew up around were destined to work until their dying day or end up in jail out of financial desperation causing them to steal or run a nefarious business kept me from ever being able to keep my mouth shut about Bitcoin
Anybody use Celsius Wallet?
Task Force Pushes Biden Administration to Tighten Cryptocurrency Regulation
Looking good.. very good.
First crypto purchase on my site gets a free gift!
Very funny, I’m very sure and can even vow that there’s no possibility in this. What do y’all think too? 🤔
FREE EASY BITCOIN MINER! JOIN MY POOL FOR FREE!
Does Bitcoin have longevity?
Dogecoin
Hello , should i use nicehashmine ?? Is it good ? if not , what is the best miner application ?
I take bitcoin
If you really need to invest, trade or mining.
Predict when the next Bitcoin block will be found and win sats on the lightning network!
Writing my final paper on collective action in the cryptoverse, would love any examples of collective action within the space.
Why use bitcoin over other conventional currencies
Sorry for stupid question! But please help (Buying bitcoin for someone else with their own money)
How does Bitcoin option expiry affect Bitcoin prices?
Comércio transfronteiriço
Renowned economist on LinkedIn! Talk about adoption!
Metaverse Quantum
How can one get banned from all of Bitcoin?
User says PoW is also PoS. When told they're wrong, they appeal to authority and use an old Andreas Antonopoulos video as proof they are right. Then this happened.
2FA App Should Be Required
Getting started in HD/SSD mining with CHIA (also explains Bitcoin concept, blockchain, etc)
SEC need a new regulation on social media messaging which move the market
EnapFuel - Started Now - Worldwide milions dollar worth company -$eFuel - partnership with porsche. Only $ 7000 market cap, launched few minutes ago.
14 unit Apartment complex for 49 BTC
MAKING PEOPLE RICH
Do you have a passion for Bitcoin and want to get involved with sufficient knowledge in order to make great investment decisions?
Tesla had about $2.5 billion in BTC at the end of Q1 2021
Earn BITCOIN in your mobile phone 🔥🔥🔥
Do you want to know more about Bitcoin and how you can get involved?
USEFUL
Join spore finance
Comércio transfronteiriço
Luxury penthouse in Veghel (NL) for sale for 21 BTC
looks like Steve-O is joining the NFT world, already hit 1.34ETH
Got scammed
Everyone is all Bitcoin this,Bitcoin that, I'm just here to tell you not to do it. Coins taste terrible.
Its a amazing drawing..❤️❤️❤️
Anyone recommend Kraken?
FED M2 Inflation Metric Discontinued
BTC dominance （why this year is different?）
Car and Driver magazine references Bitcoin in latest Bentley review
BITCOIN IS KING!!!🌟
How do I transfer Bitcoin to PayPal?
“Bitcoin to the moon” Glass Pendants. Hope you guys like em’.
Could We Harness The Tremendous Power Of Deep-Ocean Volcanoes (for Bitcoin mining)?
The Held Report - Revisiting The Bitcoin Supercycle (April 29, 2021)
Is it useful to just buy 100 € worth of Bitcoin ?
I need help! first transfer bitcoins and it's taking too long !
I need help! first transfer bitcoins and it's taking too long !
This is crazy. I wonder if he held long enough
New addition to my desk
I missed by about a year.
I have a 600 Amp powered concrete bunker with 2’ thick insulated walls. Is this a good environment / sufficient power for any sort of mining operation?
Bitcoin Titan MicroStrategy Reports Major Growth In First Quarter
Jobchain uses cryptocurrency to optimize job search and salary payments.
Newbie with some $$ - by Bitcoin now?
Hey guys I have a small YouTube channel and I made a video on the history behind the word HODL. It's a pretty funny story! Let me know what you think!
Real, logical price targets
Bitcoin Giveaway Show twitch.tv/vanywhere at 8pm EST
The biggest ico for 2021 comming will be listed on uniswap and pancakeswap after 14day everywhere dont miss it !!
Bitcoin: The Life Insurance in case you Live! hope y'all enjoy this (comedy) short ode to BTC, the hardest, strongest, greatest money ever invented
RGB : Smart contracts for Bitcoin and the Lightning network (very excited for this)
New to mining. How legit is easyminer?
Livestream
Question about Charts and Wallets
Back around 2010 when Bitcoin was cheap. I had a 4 year old PC at the time which I thought was too slow use for mining. With little money, and a slow PC, if i could go back in time, what could I do in those circumstances to get realistically get bitcoins?
If I have 0.00062393 bitcoin and let's hypothetical say it does increase to $100,000/coin by the end of '21. How much money would I make off that? I'm not good with figuring these calculations lol thanks!
Maximum number of outbound full relay connections in Bitcoin Core
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Bringing Back Craftsmanship - Chad Urban of the American College of Building Arts
Sold 125 ounces of silver for BTC
Content of dietary fiber
Yo you can check our Twitter
Legendary Altcoinseason ahead of us!
Hey guys I have a small YouTube channel and I made a video on the history behind the word HODL. If you don't know how the word was invented, it's a pretty funny story. Let me know what you think!
Check out Swin! The next best project, linking Crypto to Real estate!
The Incentives Of Bitcoin Rewards Rise With The Price
Diamond Hands: Quarterly Report Shows MicroStrategy Stills HODLs 91,579 BTC Despite Billions in Paper Profit
Kraken just added ACH/Online Banking. No longer only wire transfers!
Comparison of Bitcoin to other cryptos
Fuck Robinhood - seems like they are getting desperate
MicroStrategy ($MSTR) bought 1 billion worth of Bitcoins in Q1 2021 !!!
HELP ME!
Anyone else see the MASSIVE RHS forming on the Bitcoin 4hr? Next stop ATH retest?
Oops, sorry about that
Bitcoin flash
Are YOU making a lot of money?
Robinhood Crypto Referral Code
Hyperbitcoinization
Bitcoin IRA (self-directed) trading documentation?
The Crypto Family
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.04.26
Bitcoin dominance is falling
Fuck Bitcoin, pop tarts is a better a currency
Bitcoin adoption advances free market values, not communist or nationalist values. It is dubious from first principles that the CCP has or would ever want to weaponize it
HMRC: We’re not clamping down on crypto
coinb.in dust code 64 error help
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Ripple Wants To Go Public After SEC Lawsuit Settlement
Alles über Bitcoin, Blockchain &amp; Co. Toller Artikel
What happens to bitcoin blockchain in the event of an emp wipeout and destruction of the internet ?
sorry asap. Buying more at 20K$. lol #truestory
Good idea or stupid idea to buy this Bitcoin rug for my man cave?
This is the best time to buy and invest on bitcoin
How to choose a digital wallet to store your cryptocurrencies? | SoC
Would you be interested in investing/trading and and earning consistently income weekly from forex and crypto investment trades up to (5btc to 20btc) 400% ROI and more trading overtime ??
Bitcoin Fog Service Allegedly Laundered ... The Justice just release a press release.
You can’t put a price on being right about what a lot of people are wrong about... SUCH a good feeling. It wouldn’t matter if BTC went to 10 million tomorrow - no-coiners would still be objectively correct, and that’s what ultimately matters.
Alles über Bitcoin, Blockchain &amp; Co. Toller / interessanter Artikel
BTC price targets - $48k
CRYPTOMOEDAS DIAMOND !!
Any schooling with F-1 Visa sponsorship?
Ledger crypto wallet
Does anyone know when the Bitcoin sale ends?
Does anyone know when the Bitcoin sale ends?
Tangerine blocking purchase of crypto (Binance)
Livingston FC partner with TheFutbolCoin for the 2021/22 season
BNK Coin - The future of crypto
Avoid mining fees
Bitcoin + Jordan Peterson
Bitcoin help
Bitcoin Is An Ecological And Monetary Disaster And It Happens To Be Worth Zero
Peer-To-Peer Bitcoin Trading Rising Across Africa! Trading volume in Nigeria surpassed $99.1 million between January and March 2021, followed by Kenya with $38.4 million, Ghana with $27.4 million and South Africa with $25.8 million.
Was told to post this here. Been making Bitcoin spinners for dynamic HODLing!
Chicago
Can we just have a moment of silence for the guy in the comments?
Looking for sound advice on leather wallets for hard earned coins!
Lowest Fees
How safe is Coinbase wallet?
Top Bitcoin DD..
It's blockchain's turn to change the world
Is the recent rise in 0 fee tx a real thing, or just J-H messing with mempool config?
Which is which?
If you want someone to adopt Bitcoin, don't just tell them about it, gift them some. That gift will make them pay attention to the market, and eventually adopt
How to Buy Bitcoin (Tips &amp; Where to Buy, Costs) - Learning How Bitcoin a...
Another dip another buy opportunity
The biggest ico for 2021 comming will be listed on uniswap and pancakeswap after 14day everywhere dont miss it !!
S8 E8: Slush on Trezor and Tropic Square
Lowest Fees
Significance of institutional/corporate investors?
Sell before it is too late
Bitcoin: What Does the Future of Energy Hodl?
Germany's biggest stock market magazine publishing a special crypto edition this week.
DUMB FUCKS AT REUTERS
Weeeeeee!!!!!
Withdrawals from Bitcoin mining
Install now
Coinme is basically a scam
Found my old Bitcoin in a .dat file - how do I access it?
Can we have a discussion about Bitcoin dominance?
My little Doge resting up for the trip to the moon! Meanwhile I’m waiting on Bitcoin to get back above 60k! Lol
What's the reason for 10minuet blocks
Recruited another one!
How can I earn bitcoin quickly?
Bit(coin) by Bit(coin)
I picked the wrong day to invest in Bitcoin didn’t I lol
Large transaction fees when sending BTC from BlockFi to Ledger
What Cryptos are there that have real usecase/adoption?
COLDCARD Firmware v4.1.0 released + SeedXOR
Mews is a community governed token.
Someone wants your ASSets!
Imagine actually believing shit like this
Coinbase Adds PayPal As Payment Option For U.S. Users! Bullish!
I see many people that can't fathom why Tesla or any other company should put Bitcoin on its balance sheet, so I figured I'd take a stab at explaining it.
Should I stake my bitcoin?
Is there a Profit Builderapp?
How low will the dollar go? Will we see 420 sats per dollar in 2021? That's $238k per BTC.
How to buy Bitcoin as a minor (&lt;18)
Lost Bitcoin
Fox Business reported Facebook rumor 5 minutes ago.
Just bought my dad his first BTC
I created an app that lists the best methods to earn free cryptocurrencies. No ads, only trusted and working ways!
HODL GUYZ
LN integrated into HWs is a milestone, IMO
The biggest ico for 2021 dont miss it friends !
The biggest ico for 2021 dont miss it friends !!
Signs of an imminent bear market
help is this scam i assume so and how does it work
Famous Billionaire Investor Ray Dalio "Cash is Trash.... For God sake don't own Cash"
Just bought the dip
YASIR Coin
Quark Quark Quark
BITMAIN AntMiner S17 Pro Investment
Bitcoin is the one thing .. but how is your Financial Literacy?
Major Latin American Marketplace to Accept Bitcoin Payments for Real Estate
Bitcoin
Read it again 😮
I Made and Lost $1M Trading Crypto - YouTube
Another banner graysteal day
If someone has no experience investing money, what is your advice on the first steps they should do prior to investing and early on in investing?
Look at these good opportunities in the #ETH options as ETH is breaking new highs! Look at the 10 &amp; 30 day realized vol is much higher then ETH implied vol! Interesting plays can be made.
Chinese Officials Are Examining Bitcoin Energy Use
New Bitcoin seed storage plate... feedback please
Not As Steady As It Looks
It's not a huge amount but nice to see bitcoin used like this.
Major Latin American Marketplace to Accept Bitcoin Payments for Real Estate
The IRS Wants Help Hacking Cryptocurrency Hardware Wallets
LETS GO
Bull Run Over?
Visa says bitcoin is the new gold
Daily Bitcoin News April 28th, 2021
Wan to play with Lightning Network? Help us test this micro-trade message board!
The world is our oyster 🌎
A question for maximalists (and hodlers, and anyone who has been invested in bitcoin for a while)
The Battle of the Central Bank Digital Currencies Will Happen, but Bitcoin Has Already Won the War
Message board for multi-protocol project (working title Misq)
Some small coin, easier to make money
Advice needed
Energy consumption fud. Can you all help defend this fud please in the comment section?
For those that converted all of their fiat to BTC a while back. How are you feeling today?
Thoughts about ETH decoupling?
Did China had a power outage again? Blocks are taking forever to be mined
CRYPTO TAB MINNING
I just ordered my Trezor!
Bitcoin Network Status Update Thursday, April 29, 2021
Blockstream Releases Base Station For Bitcoin Broadcasting Satellite
Coinbase Offers New Bitcoin Buying Option With PayPal
To Replace Gold, Bitcoin Needs a Massive Increase in Transaction Capacity
UniLend??
Stock-to-Flow API
Decentralized Bitcoin + Decentralized Internet
Florida pushing to regulate Bitcoin. Miami mayor Francis Suarez leads effort. Is this good or bad for Bitcoin prices?
Fun with Bitcoin: Interview with @Frito2x - Part 2
My accountant asked if Bitcoin has a prospectus? Huh?
The journey to a neat and tidy ggplot2 chart with R
Want to listen to 11+ hours of Michael Saylor?
Are technical analysis techniques proven to be profitable?
Made one of these Crypto price trackers, but with a very annoying twist so you can know when you're losing money in real-time :)
Diamond Hands
Bitcoin Baron - YTCracker
BITCOIN SCANDAL
Why does the Bitcoin price fluctuate so much?
Is there an app for trading Bitcoin?
10000 bitcoins song. Can't understand why it has soo little views
Let's be your plug
Reliance digital customer care number ☎️.8597863928.//6287773744.//
Wouldn't a bear market invalidate Bitcoin’s store of value use-case?
If I Invested in Bitcoin above the 15k levels, should I get out now and cut my losses or wait?
Bitcoin Mining Firm Genesis Makes $93 Million Purchase Of Canaan ASICs
How can I get 1 Bitcoin a day?
XAUUSD
Good Morning
Behind Bitcoin’s Recent Slide: Imploding Bets and Forced Liquidations
Kraken, Robinhood, Voyager
Scam or legit? Has anyone heard of portfolio-fx which they claim is a tradename from forex? Website: portfolio-fx.com
LIVE: Ask Me Anything about Crypto Taxes (USA-2021)
Hope Bitcoin hits 1M but I have to unsubscribe. This place is an unhealthy echo chamber of delusion and speculation with little focus on the actual technology.
First timer buying BTC question(s)
The better side of the Internet
BITCOIN HOJE | TOP 5 CRIPTOMOEDAS PROMISSORAS E BARATAS 2021 | BITCOIN N...
Why the angst over XBT risk of sending to wrong recipient?
Independent/Bitcoin influencers need to control the debate over capital gains.
SeedXOR - A simple way of securing seeds
Rule 10 perhaps needs to be updated?
Mercado Livre, one of the biggest ecommerce company on Latin America, now allows buying and selling real state with Bitcoin.
Which bitcoin atms don’t require ID?
Using Bitcoin as a savings account
Mercado Livre, the biggest Latin America ecommerce company, now allows buying and selling real state with Bitcoin.
A development on the Caribbean’s Bequia island will take bitcoin as payment for villas and services to circumvent international banks
Bitcoin is an IWI not an IOU
Buttcoin sub
Jordan Peterson on hyperinflation
Based on Deribit...
Better get it before it's to late
Tesla makes more profit from Bit­coin than car sales
Crypto Brief - April 29th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
END DAY
Conspiracy theory on how Market Makers are manipulating Bitcoin
I need to buy USTD. Can I get help here?
Danilotrader legit or scam.
Tesla Accounting for Bitcoin
Shark Tank’s Kevin O’Leary Says ‘Bitcoin Will Always Be the Gold,’ Citing Interest From ‘All Kinds of Institutions’
Please help i sm unable to withdraw from here is this scam or what
I officially own .1002 Bitcoin. Well, it’s a big deal to me.
bc1qk2xkqelrvqxu9tdnkwdkrsqyzf98ms2c835scx
Frank Giustra challenges Michael Saylor and the Bitcoin Dragon slays the Golden Knight once and for all, there can only be one standard, long live the New Standard!
Cardano Announces Second African Partnership!
Bitcoin is getting closer and closer to hitting the vertical of the 'hockey-stick'
New Rule: Crypto Mania! | Real Time with Bill Maher (HBO)
I became my own bank today
Charity for people in need
Clear BATBIT on the 1h chart, This is a super-mega bullish pattern!
Nice
Got two dips at 55 and 49 prices a week ago , was the first dip back into the weekly demand area where buying was strong.
Imagine if you could just scan a QR code to transfer money
April 23rd Daily Thread Screencaps, HFSP!
Can’t believe we haven’t seen this guy today
My free $10 of Bitcoin from my Coinbase I forgot about is now worth over $1200
First time buyer here
“BTC damages the environment”
Flexa Network $
coinexchange.io exit scam lawsuit
Inflexão blockchain
TA question. Would the 1W MACD show a red bar if BTC makes a higher high or would a green bar show up after the red one if that happened?
Native SegWit
It took 2 cops, guns, and a bulletproof vehicle to secure this money, and they still almost lost it. Imagine if this was Bitcoin.
How is this video not on Bitcoin's subreddit?
If you plan on buying on any goven day, Do you still buy even if you miss a dip?
Why are people so happy/exited that btc price has increased? : A question from a newbie.
FED Coin is coming, all you need to know (good we have now decentralized sound money: Bitcoin).
Give me Some Bitcoin
FED: Printing Trillions but says dont worry about inflation!
"You bought in 2020? Wow, you got in so early!"
CRYPTO COMMISSIONS
Me seeing bitcoin hitting 58k today
CONGRATULATION #COMET #BSC
Peter schiff will never learn
Canadians out there, which platform do you use to buy Bitcoin?
Coinbase scam email alert. (they didn't even spring for a fake email domain)
Mode - £20 worth in Bitcoin - Bank Holiday Offer (Normally £10)
ITS TIME
I made what I make in a day at work on crypto today! I also got paid time off! Double Win!
How much will a loaf of bread cost when Bitcoin or/or Doge are the sole currencies?
Index Liquidity: what does it mean?
Bitcoin has value, even without S2F
Bitcoin has value, even without S2F
BNY Mellon Regrets Not Buying MicroStrategy's Stock for Bitcoin (BTC) Gains
Navigating Bitcoin’s Current Run in No Man’s Land
r/Bitcoin really just did Ethereum like that.
IT'S ALIIIVE!!
Why do BTC atms as for your ID and Phone number???
Why Does Bitcoin’s Price Make Random, Sudden Downward Moves?
Learn italian listening to a podcast on cryptocurrencies. A wonderful idea
What’s the easiest way to buy Bitcoin without having to provide all your info?
I Really Need help with some things.
Inflexão blockchain
Purchasing old testnet3 wallets
Tezro, Your New Fastest and Most Secured Payment Tool
Bitcoin rises 6.54% to $57,098.08
Cryptocurrency Exchange Hotbit Hacked: Systems Paralyzed, 2 Million Users Affected
I’m gonna be richer than all you sons of Benedicts ! - James Dean , Giant
Bitcoin whitepaper. The spirit of BTC
Come join me on storm gain with this link!! Each sign up gets and instant $3!! 💸💸 I only started last night and I've already earned $5 passively!! Mine &amp; Invest in Crypto Today!! 🤑🤑
Bitcoin Audible: Read_522 - The Hidden Costs of the Petrodollar System [Alex Gladstein]
Bitcoin is becoming a mainstream part of culture and I am TERRIFIED
Market Cap Trend Comparison: Bitcoin vs. Ether
Transferred Bitcoin to my own hardware wallet for the first time!
Crypto currency
The Grayscale Bitcoin Nice Rock Commercial
Want to seII 0.030 BTC for 86 U.S.D. PM who need
Can’t buy BitCoin on CashApp?
Inflexão blockchain
Recovery specialist?
Satoshi vs Bitcoin.
earn free bitcoin
Bitcoin is back at $58,000 and dancing on the graves of bears!
Not sure why this hasn’t been mentioned yet, but epic news... your move Elon &amp; Saylor!
Ok, what is the best multisig cold storage?
New listing #BSC
blockfi
If i die with my Coins...
Surprised that nothing seems to have been posted about this big piece of news... your move Elon / Saylor!
Surprised that nothing seems to have been posted about this big piece of news... your move Elon / Saylor!
The biggest danger for Bitcoin comes from the sun!
Surprised that nothing seems to have been posted about this big piece of news... your move Elon / Saylor!
Surprised that nothing seems to have been posted about this big piece of news... your move Elon / Saylor!
Testers Wanted for a P2P Crypto Trading App Focused on User’s Privacy
Futuristic.
r/Truthoffmychest r/confession
Best bitcoin mining machine
Calculator for how much my stash of BTC would be worth if one BTC=X?
Saw this sign at my local deli!
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
Earn 100 ASK when friends sign up with your link or code!
How to minimize transaction fee for a business to accept crypto
Ive still got my BTC on my host wallet and want a wallet where i control the keys. I’m pretty green, not tech super savvy. I meed recommendation on a good wallet. Is blockchain ok? I dont want a hardware... maybe when i have a whole coin! A mobile hot wallet? Idiot proof? Thanks
Who's Satoshi?
Gospel
BTC
New listing
?
Do fresh recieve addresses really protect privacy practically?
Got scammed!
Elon ?
A sneak attack on the U.S. dollar?
Bitcoin-Lightning powered help for the Covid crisis in India
who is rewarded with wallet fees ?
Completely new - What are the safest ways to store large amounts of bitcoin?
If you can help the Tier 1 Bitcoin-Friendly Candidates running for Office in New York City.
Can we post a donation link here?
18th Birthday
*Disclaimer* MAJOR NOOB HERE
This is the newest project of him?
Simplex taking forever to verify my ID
This is the newest project of him?
Cracking 25th word bip39
Fud is shit = great time to buy
What does it mean when bitcoins price goes up?
Since when do you think that wall street runs Washington?
Türkiye'nin Maldivleri Salda Gölü
Low Fee Transaction
Donate for no reason!
I know this is going to depressed some of you guys, but the Bitcoin dildo is no longer for sale
Satoshi hitting me right in the feels 😭😭❤
Looking for some opinions?
Nice pump today!! See you on moon boys
Mayor Scott Conger (Jackson TN): We have some work to do to be able to mine #Bitcoin₿ at the municipal level. In the coming months, we will be reaching out to the state legislature to amend our current legislation on investments so we can #BUIDLaBettereFuture
Is my crypto safe in Coinbase wallet
Multisig address creation with Casa
Any incorporated Miners in Canada out there with bank accounts?
Is my crypto safe behind trezor?
Don't lose sight of your "WHY" in crypto
My 2 satoshis pt. 3, or I love when a plan comes together.
Profitable BTC trade setups.
lntip testing thread
How This Bitcoin Pegged Token Could Protect Holders From Volatility
The same posts all the time
Coinbase Acquires Analytics Company Skew
Earn money for clicks on your https://ref.moneyguru.co/mh6690110 link, referral sign ups and completing simple tasks like app installs, surveys and incentive offers
What's the most affordable crypto platform for selling in U.S
Would you rather have fiat currency or a fiat Punto?
Lost some Bitcoin in my Divorce...now I'm wondering about tax implications
Young South Korean Crypto Enthusiasts Ditch Youtube For TikTok
if you want buy and sell bitcoin for low price DM me
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
Could you help me get a Venezuelan passport please?
What's the best day of the week to DCA in?
Wallet/seed hypothetical question
Bitcoin critic Peter Schiff says both the American economy and US dollar are going to crash
10 years today, Satoshi sent his last message. Let's celebrate it buying more BTC!
BTC flight rides lost in the past
bitcoin graffitis - switzerland
Most people like altcoins because they dislike bitcoin not because of its technology which is a problem for them if they're investing long term...
I am my own bank
BEWARE OF THIS WEBSITE!!
I sent it from my Wallet to Ledger. Can it ever be confirmed?
Question about ngrave hardware wallet
How long are you looking to hold btc?
If we break $59,500 by tonight it will be bitcoins 7th green month in a row
Bitcoin no match for gold: Barrick Gold CEO
The gold business is SCARED
Ashton Kutcher is indeed strong in Bitcoin since way back 2013 (in reference to a post made earlier here about him and his wife)
You might find this helpful , I have been using lots of different cryptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this one 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 http://cryptoxservices.com/?ref=Souhail07
A guy turned 180k usd to 90 usd. This is why we just hodl bitcoin.
Trying hard to end April with a green candle!
Dogefather
INVESTING $250K+ ON BITCLOUT IN ONE DAY... IS IT THE NEXT BIG THING?!?
Bears beats and battle star gallactica
Bitcoin is a false hope for poor people
For the first time ever in the Netherlands someone bought a house and solely paid in Bitcoin!
Wanted to help beginners understand the benefits and risks of buying on different platforms, any feedback welcomed! BEST and WORST Ways To Buy Cryptocurrency In 2021
Bitcoin is a false hope for poor people
Tryina buy some weed can we pump bitcoin by a few thousand euros k thx
How MicroStrategy grew its $5 billion Bitcoin stash in 9 months
Turkish Exchange Thodex Sent $125M in Bitcoin to Kraken Before Closing: Report
Stock to Flow
Once You've Tasted The Truth...
What happens if all cash get digitized to crypto?
Did China had a power outage again? Blocks are taking forever to be mined
A warning to new investors and some very important advice.
Who’s buying daily?
It's just an undeniable fact. Price floor is holding steady, and it's increasing all the way to the moon. 🚀🚀🚀🌝
I'm from india why 2 price for bitcoin in same time 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
The biggest ico for 2021 comming will be listed on uniswap and pancakeswap after 14day everywhere dont miss it !!
Simple facts...
Question about the seed-phrase
This is why just hodl
Bitcoin to 76433 this weekend
how to buy bitcoin
In reference to a post made here earlier, Ashton Kutcher is indeed a strong believer in Bitcoin since way back 2013.
BITCOIN: HOW TO GET RICH COURSE (2021) #bitcoin #makemoneyonline #invest...
In reference to a post made here earlier, Ashton Kutcher is indeed a strong believer in Bitcoin way back 2013.
Privacy is not a crime - Bitcoin Fog operator arrested when they flew into Los Angeles
Will fees per transaction rise with Bitcoin price, making it too expensive for individuals to buy small amounts of BTC and put it in self-custody wallets?
Charles Schwab has apparently decided to be the last one to realize the inevitability of Bitcoin - how long until they flip like all the others?
ArabicCash - ABIC Token
Me once every 2 months
Would you donate to a bitcoin marketing campaign?
MicroStrategy Reports Up To 52% Increase In Revenue, Says Might Sell Bitcoin In The Future | Benzinga
69,420 CAD. Niiiiiiiiiice 😏
Dismissing Clear Market Data, Swiss National Bank Chairman Says Bitcoin Not Liquid Enough
Convince me not to buy altcoins.
Bitcoin hits $57K in surprise surge to almost erase April BTC price crash
Is there any way
mmmm #Bitcoin
What Stops the Fed From Buying Up Bitcoin?
BBB
BNB notches $600 and market ‘prices in’ Cardano's Africa announcements as Bitcoin sits back
Bitcoin - Fomo - FOMO
Ran into one these today, anyone seen these ?
RD ₿TC on Twitter
You guys asked for it so here you go - I put together a video on how to code your first bitcoin trading algorithm in Python
What is the best "Exchange wallet"
Best way to gift Bitcoin to the tech illiterate?
Best way to gift Bitcoin to the tech illiterate?
Need a way to dice roll 12 word seed.
How long are you looking to hold btc?
I can no longer find the option to buy bitcoin on plus500
Minted my first NFT, Candle Cards which encapsulates historic financial data into beautiful trading cards
Imagine being the "expert" in this 2020 news segment
Very important question please!!
Bingus or dingus
Coinbase Acquires Cryptocurrency Market Analysis Tool Skew
Long term vs short term gains &amp; taxes:
WHAT IS BLOCKCHAIN? THE BEST EXPLANATION
Long term vs short term gains &amp; taxes:
$3.24 billion to drain comex of silver. If like minded people pulled together it would be easy to do.
https://github.com/c4pt000/Google-Play_Store_AND_Apple_App_Store_QR-codes
Bitcoin Poll / Small Town Newspaper / Have some fun?
Biden 43% Capital Gains tax and BitCoin
Unmineable Promo Code
Fighting FUD Tactics in the Bitcoin World — Here Are Your Two Best Weapons
How Brokers (voyager) can pay 10% APR interest. What is their business model
70k this time?
Censored Russian News Agency Asks For Bitcoin Donations
Bitcoin Animation Script Critique (Bitcoins' Security)
Bitcoin is making all Revolut’s dreams come true
“The problem with QE is it works in practice but it doesn’t work in theory,” Bernanke
Daily Bitcoin News April 29th, 2021
Something about Satoshi Nakamoto.
Investing in Bitcoin with a student loan
Any “must have” crypto besides BTC?
Husband not supportive of investing in Bitcoin
When your boy tries getting you into cryptocurrency
Wait! What? I know that 🙄 What other option they have anyway?
How do I start investing
Some help
57k
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, April 30, 2021
Looking for best exchange in Brazil....help!
Bitcoin SV- advice please
Crypto
Afghanistan: The Cryptocurrency Situation. My first article about crypto, hope you guys like it.
Help, lost wallet
Congrats for those who waited!
Fun with CoinBase Funding
Bitcoin advantage that no one talks about
Bitcoin in steel
Forex traders
Let’s have a little fun. Post your BEST BTC buy. And yes, this is a thread about bragging
TCN Token Pre-Sale Phase 3 is Live !
subscribe to his channel if youre looking for good crypto updatess, not just on bitcoin!
Scammers???
Well we know what happened in February.
By that logic this would be the worst month since January, but we know what happened in February.
Help, lost wlalet
Help a poor student
Sit back and relax ladies and gentlemen
Did you miss the boat on Bitcoin?
Ripple Execs Blast SEC’s 'Perplexing' Actions in String Of Interviews
Just for Fun...
If close above $58,900 today we’ll keep our consecutive green month streak going!
Buy or wait?
To those who panic sold last week.
Hope y’all bought the dip
Its Friday!
Avalon !!!
T-10H: Countdown to HODL! How far is it gonna drop this time?
Truth...
Устанавливай CryptoTab Браузер и начинай получать деньги просто за то, что пользуешься браузером.
Disaster Girl Meme Star Sold Her Meme As an NFT For $500,000
Turkish Court Jails Suspects In Thodex Bitcoin Exchange Probe
Mcmx.me scam?
The reverse batman formation indicates bitcoin is about to moon
The reverse barman formation indicates bitcoin is about to moon
Transaction
Don’t forget!!
New Federal Reserve
Biggest one day USDC print in history marks lowest Bitcoin dominance in years
Tales from the Crypt: #247: Julian Assange, The Espionage Act, Julian's Defense, and Journalistic Freedom in 2021 with Gabriel Shipton
$3.24 billion to drain comex of silver. If like minded people pulled together it would be easy to do.
Each yellow circle is when options expired. Very interesting trend captured by this fellow. 🔥
The SEC wants you... to do their work cause they have no clue.
Memepool
If the US surrenders bitcoin to the communists, it would be akin to a cowardly JFK abandoning the space race just because the communists had an early lead with Sputnik
how do i redeem this
Good idea or stupid idea to buy this Bitcoin rug for my man cave?
END DAY
Says the 120 year old.
most reliable crypto investment
Probably bought on the dip
Why every sunday...
Newcomer here. Why does this happen?
A user dropped by our community. He later mentioned "Bitcoin is the only true coin".
Thailand's vaccine failures anger Prayuth's business support base
Fake Selloffs, Repeated Rallies, BSC Matters and 20 Crypto Jokes
SNL Weekend Update - Elon on BTC
Trying to figure out which wallet/app I was using when I took this screenshot a few years ago (I think). Anyone recognize it?
Crypto News: Bitcoin price takes a detour &amp; IBM NFTs
No btc but like dang I started with 10 doge now I have 400 doge.
FEG ALPHA!🚀🚀🚀
I always looked upto Michael Saylor but this video made me a little skeptical :( What do you think guys? Does Gold has no future?
Which exchange do you recommend for active trading?
Trust wallet users
Berkshire Hathaway Annual Meeting
Be your own Bank - BTC T Shirt
New Month, New ATH: Why Ethereum May Hit $10k This Year
British based NFT marketplace.
When this man ends up in handcuffs, it will be the market cycle top
Until the lambo 🚀🚀
anyone concerned abt the hot bit exchange hack so i went and checked the wallets they published on twitter
DOGEY inu
Inflation is real and maybe we should just be focused on what’s happening outside of Bitcoin.
Can law enforcement trace the identity of a btc wallet's owner by knowing the address?
56 nodes running Bitcoin Core 21.1
The bullrun will come to an abrupt end when the FBI puts this man in cuffs
The bullrun will come to an abrupt end when Elon Musk gets arrested
Be your own Boss - BTC T Shirt
*high thought* Serious question though, it seems like a lot of countries are jumping in the crypto world here recently. Does anything stops a country from fully adopting BTC?
Boomers mad 😂😂
Ok boomer
Ballast Dump
Only another $346Billion before we pass silver total market cap. Go BTC! That's only about another $18,506 per coin to have total market cap surpassing Silver
Question (:
The bull market will end when Elon Musk gets arrested
Energia eólica
Help with accepting Bitcoin
How noisy is 12 gpus?
Best place for bitcoin investment trust me. Am a living testimony.
How Are Unlimited Supply Altcoins Able To Move Up So Rapidly When More Tokens Continue To Be Created?
Scammed.
Coinbase a joke
Bill Maher 2014 Berkeley Winter Commencement. 11:55
Non Fungible Tokens Are Bad?
Fixed it there for you buddy
Savage
Simplex taking forever to verify my ID
👅💦
Futuristic.
Energia eólica
How long to update bitcoin transactions in old wallet?
Why Bitcoin is so fascinating and mind-blowing | Game Theory, Austrian Economics, Computer Science
The perfect crypto app that can offer valuable data and insights to get coins instantly!
Charlie Munger calls bitcoin ‘disgusting and contrary to the interests of civilization’
100$ in??
Talk me out of (or into) doing a VA Cash Out on my mortgage and putting into BTC
Digital Horses Are The Talk Of The Crypto World
Crypto’s Shadow Currency Surges Past Deposits of Most U.S. Banks
Doggy coin
She accidentally got rich by bitcoin
Bitcoin is Digital Gold! Till death do us part!
Energia eólica
The reason why Elon shills DOGE and not Bitcoin (link in comments)
Apple &amp; Crypto?
Mess with the bull expect the horns. [T.A.]
Old man yells at Bitcoin
I have a story (this is bad translate)
PoW vs PoS
Fun🥰🥰🥰😘
Netcoins, worst customer service I've ever had.
This is the newest project of him?
This is the newest project of him?
India needs your help.
10 years
Merhcant token
Start a petition to rename the car company "fiat"
Ethernity Sports Legend Weekend Drop: The Muhammad Ali NFT Collection
Bogged.Finance Token Launch Sniper launches Today!
"Of course, I hate the bitcoin success and I don’t welcome a currency that’s useful to kidnappers and extortionists...So, I think I should say modestly that I think the whole damn development is disgusting and contrary to the interests of civilization. And I'll leave the criticism to others."
Charlie Munger just called Bitcoin “disgusting and contrary to the interests of civilization”. I’ve never seen a more bull flag. Buy baby buy - we’re plenty early!
Wasabi wallet and bech 32
A quick reminder that Charlie Munger is a financial terrorist
Ethereum closing in on $3,000 as Bitcoin eases off the throttle
$60000 Fees On $300 Bitcoin
Bogged.Finance Token Launch Sniper launches Today!
$60707 Fees For $300 Bitcoin
Changenow.io IS A SCAM and are crooks!!!
Change.io IS A SCAM!!!
Guys I need your help
Beware of Newton Crypto in Canada
Elon is busy, let's assist -- SNL sketch ideas for rebuttal vs Maher
Minería de Criptomonedas
Beware of a very good looking Coinbase phishing attempt
WildRunBSC
Bitcoin mining has an impact because of energy consumption. But why it looks comparisons are always cherry picked?
Seen in Mexico City Yesterday (has anyone been here?)
Where do I learn more about bitcoin
A bit off topic but I just got 670million dollars
Who else are holding #Xrp?
Newbie question about transferring from Mycelium to BlueWallet
Charlie Munger - The Fossil Who Continues to Shit On Bitcoin, Without Even Understanding What It Is
Charlie Munger calls bitcoin 'disgusting and contrary to the interests of civilization
“I don’t welcome a currency that’s so useful to kidnappers and extortionists...” - Charlie Bunger.
Bitcoin Core 0.21.1 Released With Taproot Activation Code
Bitcoin and the Bitcoin network are to money and finance as the internet is to communication
In the rabbithole: Read "The Bitcoin Standard", got a fullnode, telling everyone to do the same
The biggest coin huge project 4years develop. Before ico dont miss your chance
Robinhood BTC limit vs market order questions
Robinhood market vs. limit orders
Mining
Back in early 2018 i made 10 t-shirts like this one
How is it possible that bitcoin can be used for illegal transactions if every transaction is recorded publicly in the blockchain ledger?
COMMIE COIN
Do you think it is time to sell?
🚀
LunarFox
Raoul Pal is a legend and this video is a must watch.. This is the definition of entering the rabbit hole
I made a bitcoin price tracker you can run on any device in 10 seconds for free (details inside)
Amazing classic &amp; sports car collection for sale, for Bitcoin
Questions
Charlie Munger from Berkshire Hathaway had this to say about bitcoin
Btc/ethereum flash
Berkshire Hathaway Vice Chairman Charlie Munger's distain toward bitcoin
Reddit recommending me "a place for poor to discuss their finances". Not in the middle of a bull run bitches.
How to Catch Fraud Websites and Company’s
Charlie Munger calls bitcoin ‘disgusting and contrary to the interests of civilization’
does bitcoin usually go from 40k to 50k and then back to 40k in a month
Check out $ELON....
You are missing out a lot if you haven’t tried CryptoTab Browser yet! It’s the world’s first browser with a built-in mining feature. It not only works as a great browser but also allows you to mine Bitcoins and grow your income. Switch to CryptoTab without losing any of your data. Download it here
When are y’all gonna be done?
Bitcoin Casino, Unlimited Faucet and Auto Dice, Top Crypto Casino
Who wants my reward?
Helium hotspot miner
BTC IRA or other direction
I’m a noob and I’m in Mexico. Does anybody know if there’s an exchange that will accept my bank, BBVA Mexico? I tried a couple of them and, they don’t list my bank or accept it. BBVA Mexico is different than BBVA USA. I also don’t know if I can trade with pesos or how that works.
"I'm still alive and not massively depressed due to the bitcoin price" Greg Schoen
Miner signalling for the Taproot Speedy Trial softfork starts now! I've made a simple site where you can follow the progress.
http://bit.do/Atomicwallet
Have this coin from forever ago, it has a QR code on the back. Is there an actual way to use this?
I have a very hard time selling Bitcoin for Alts. They all look attractive during a bull run, but the time to do so is after they've proved their resistance at the end of the bull market.
Selling feet pics for btc
Is this transaction fee real? Dec 2017.
Petition to change the unit of cost for bitcoin
Well known indirect signalling about bitcoin
Fundstrat Briefing Maintains Six-Digit Bitcoin Price Forecast, $10K Ethereum Target
Need help setting this up
Wake And Bake🍀 Next 1000x moonkush! $WAB - Less than 100 holders, 10K mcap 🚀
$ELON AIRDROP! FREE CRYPTO!
I made a quick website last night where you can see trending coins on CoinMarketCap, CoinGecko, LiveCoinWatch, and WorldCoinIndex! Updates between 1/2-1 hour
Thoughts on BitPay?
https://open.spotify.com/playlist/2baLQr8VgTA59R3SsI7vmr?si=BIJ4C6j_TH6XDG_qdBnBtg&amp;utm_source=copy-link
Phemex Lists 8 New Coins, Reintroduces Ripple
Please Help me
Do we trust Bitcoin?
So many new "traders" are recently hitting this sub, it looks like the scam, alt season is here and with it all the get rich quick MoonLambo gainz bois. Shitcoins, trading and leverage are here for one, simple reason: to steal your Bitcoin. DCA &amp; HODL strategy works best and keeps you sane.
CRYPTOTAB BROWSER
Bitcoin !
So I know that this guy basically hates technology but I don’t know much about Bitcoin so this is confusing to me. I was wondering if anyone could explain to me why what he’s saying is wrong/right and maybe if I should be worried about the global temp thing
Was Mycelium Wallet hacked?
The Bitcoin Dragon (bitcoin vs. gold)
Move ⬆️ QKC
u want to get a easy Bitcoin !!
Where should i move my bitcoin
Pump it up.
Is Buying on Coinbase legit?
Buying the dip
New to Bitcoin and investing in general looking for good advice on investing in dms if possible
Bitcoin wastes energy they say...
The reason for the numbers that #Bitcoin returns is that it’s a new tech startup with critical mass. But instead of it competing for a weenie slice of the economy like say Amazon or Tesla, it’s competing for the water in which it swims. That’s at least 100x bigger. -Willy woo
Will it crash
Stop asking how bitcoin is taxed
What are Bitcoin mixers, and why do exchanges ban them?
Blockchain OS, Glitch, brings a New Platform for DeFi Apps
Tech Token Network ( $TCN ) PreSale Ends on 5th May Hurry Up!
Explain to my Mom
Saw this while out of town at a used video game store.
Social experiment
Future Crypto Millionaire
How do you think about ETFs?
Bitcoin Weekly: Tesla Earnings, Saylor, Jordan Peterson, Pierre vs Bank of Canada, Petrodollar
In less than 15 minutes I made a podcast from scratch and turned on the value block to enable streaming satoshis
Testnet attacks
Best cloud mining
Silhouette Cameo 4 Plus | Pressing a BitCoin Shirt
coinbase The world’s largest cryptocurrency exchange
What needs to know your private key?
Coinbase does not sell Bitcoin to Turkish people
"Bitcoin fixes this" on the Bank of England
Mining pool earnings into a paper wallet
Theres a private laboratory that hosts a massive data transfer program called Mercury, might want to look for it. The corporations I got into and turned into bitcoin miners to pay for public assistance and public sector issues should have them in if any business buds can help find it
This meme describes the current situation pretty well.
Bitcoin vs ethereum?
Can we get some positive traffic... where are all the “Deep Pockets” today?
I am new to this and I was hoping for some advice
Does the 21m supply even matter anymore?
Do you believe BTC can maintain 50% average growth per year?
60% of mark cubans port is BITCOIN 👀
How do I start investing
Any broker platform you would recommend that has a trade manager
how do i redeem this
Long term vs short term gains &amp; taxes:
Help with tax questions
People want cheap coins... Why nobody makes a "wrapped satoshi"?
BITCOIN
Tech Token Network ( $TCN ) PreSale Ends on 5th May Hurry Up!
Help with Tax question
Want to Earn bitcoin easy like 1,2,3
TCN Token Pre-Sale Phase 3 is Live !
Bitcoin removes crime: armed robberies of armoured cash carriers are not a problem
Free mining app recommendation
Account Access - Bitcoin customer service awful!
Coinbase Account Hacked - SIM SWAP - Case #05442601
Exchange
Trading on robinhood
Have anyone heard of topfx? Any reviews?
Best platform to invest your bitcoin
where to start learning?
BITCOIN
Best exchange to buy bitcoin with debit card from neteller/skrill
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, May 01, 2021
Bill Maher: “It’s been explained to me, and I still don’t understand it.”
Just see the Bitcoin 1M Candle in April. What you think about this?
Camera Bits Photo Mechanic 6.0.5716 With Crack Full [Latest] 2021
What are the top crypto lending platforms?
Upvote if you agree that Bitcoin is PRICELESS !
I am pretty new here and still learning but I wanted to know why is Bitcoin traded while we could just put it at set value and replace the USD?
How to buy Bitcoin (Trusted 100%)
Bitcoin mining &amp; renewable energies' symbiotic relationship | Animation
Where to buy Alt coins?
You haven't seen anything yet. 😈
New to Bitcoin -- buying through Gemini safe?
BITCOIN HOJE | O QUE SÃO ALTCOINS? EXCHANGE? BLOCKCHAIN COMO FUNCIONA |...
Re-target in 5 hours (-12% difficulty)
In light of Bill Mahers Bitcoin talk on HBO
Looking for honest technical comparison between BTC and BCH
Saw my first Bitcoin ATM in person today!
New to Bitcoin -- is buying through Gemini good?
This is my first painting . Selling for the fix price of 1 btc . Dm 4 info
This is the newest project of him?
Cheapest way to cashout in Canadian?
Cannabis ?
Pi network = free mining app! Download now!
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 2 Left
Owning crypto through an ETF - good or bad?
Why aren't most economists rich?
Hi, I’m Mike… and I’m a refreshoholic.
Government regulation an attempt to own or destroy BTC?
earn money
Nothing else makes sense
If you were a pro hacker would you hack cryptos sites?
The big DUMP
I’m a NOOB- we all were once... So what’s going on with Bitcoin today : ( Is it going to drop below $57,000 today ?
Bitcoin is a continuing joke that makes me laugh every day.
Daily Bitcoin News April 30th, 2021
really dont know lol
How Bitcoin showed the tremendous potential that exists in applying P2P technology to money itself
When 21M BTC are mined
Plz its request believe me and dont judge directly
PSA: Transaction fees are about to drop! ~13% hash difficulty reduction happens TONIGHT. Get ready to move your coin or set up some Lightning Network channel swaps.
free
BITCOIN HOJE | TUDO QUE VOCE PRECISA SABER SOBRE DOGECOIN | COMO FUNCION...
I'm bullish. Why? Because when the markets get "boring" is when it's the time to consolidate.
Bitcoin to the moon
MEDIA'S NEW NARRATIVE
How low would Bitcoin have to go (and how quickly) to hit a point of no return?
Lightning network, how?
MOON WAR
Problems with Mycelium wallet last few days...
Don’t Doubt Your Vibe
Bitcoin’s Correlation with Altcoins is Declining Again. What Does it Mean?
Bitcoin Bull Run Index - Major Upgrades
Back when Bitcoin was released into the wild, here's what was going on in the world
E-currency exchanger listing, best rates from reliable exchangers
how to get ahead in queue on coinlist ICO
FETCH AI IS GOING CRAZY UP RIGHT NOW😎😎😱😱 CATCHUP GUYS🚀🚀MADE SAME AMOUNT INVESTMENT AS IN DOGE 😎😎🙏
ASTRODONUT
Billionaire Mark Cuban’s Million-Dollar Bet: BTC or ETH to Outpace the S&amp;P 500 in 10 Years
What does BitCoin represent moving forward
I invisted in bitcoin and I have a qustion
Bitcoin returns to 58,000 US Dollar
Long term cap gains tax question
Coinbase
when doge will crash....
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 2 Left
What You MUST Know When Buying Bitcoin (For Beginners)
"Bitcoin fixes this" on the Bank of England
Historias de Éxito en el Bitcoin
My new dentist accepts bitcoin, first time I’m seeing this! 🦷
Ethereum hits a fresh record high, Bitcoin (BCH) and ripple (XRP) signifies the new scale.
Help with possible non-BIP39, 8-word key phrase?
LEVER, DEFI BACKGROUND.
Was Saving this for 56K but missed it.. Typical Crashing Upwards. 56KAYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
So we discuss BTC profits in terms of USD. 3 Trillion more USD printed this year. So is BTC going up or USD going down? Someday we will discuss the price of milk and eggs in terms of BTC as USD becomes more and more worthless.
This has the same energy of those videos of TV reporters mocking the internet back in the 90s.
Bitcoin Breaking $60,000 and Going Parabolic in 2021
A gap year student looking to learn bitcoin and maybe earn
Buy bitcoin using Pair to Pair
Can someone tell how big a deal this will be? (German article about a new german law with probably positive effect on crypto.) -&gt; Deutschland legt vor: Gesetz erlaubt Fonds Investitionen in Kryptowerte wie Bitcoin
END DAY
New capital gains tax will the markets continue to dip ?
TA: Bitcoin Gains Momentum, Here’s What Could Spark A Major Rally
First post
Buy this
What is BTC's future if central banks adopt a digital currency?
Bloomberg: Ether Hits $3,000 as Bitcoin’s Crypto Dominance Declines
Real btc deal at kloviactools
What is the difference in ETH and ETH Classic?
My country is in a fight against dictatorship
When go buy?
New free comunity to talk about any crypto project
Back to 60K tonight?!?!
ETHEREUM To $5,000 - Surpasses Disney Market Cap!
Me when Bitcoin pumps
Without the option to print more money, how would a trillion dollar stimulus work with bitcoin?
Bitcoin Gateway without an Exchange or Purchase button
Looking for a Dev (Will be compensated)
6k on Ethereum or 6k on bitcoin
Eth man!!!!!!
Day 1 Of Road To 100k In Profit
help me a lil wit bitcoin!!?!?
Testnet transaction
Guys. Is all this "BITCOIN USES AS MUCH ENERGY AS A SMALL UNIVERSE" stuff FUD?
BTC Lightning Network adopted in ecommerce site
Just hide your keys where Homer Simpson hides his.......
Thank you Charlie Munger
UPDATE: About to engrave my seed into eternity
Traditional Finance, Bitcoin and The Old World, Mushrooms | Brandon Quittem
The UK is already stretched to breaking point. Boris Johnson's pile of scandals isn't helping matters Analysis by Luke McGee, CNN Updated 0409 GMT (1209 HKT) May 2, 2021
Yo cheeky fella!!!
Creating a crypto portfolio funded entirely by Blood Plasma Donation $$$ 💉📈🚀
The wonder of eth
Ethereum hits $3,000 for the first time, now larger than Bank of America
This is the newest project of him?
Berkshire Hathaway’s Charlie Munger Finds Bitcoin ‘Disgusting and Contrary to the Interest of Civilization’
Binance Smart Chain&amp;amp;#x27;s Spartan Protocol Loses $30M+ in Exploit
UFC Takes the Fight to NFTs, Reportedly Plans Its Own Cryptoasset
Worked too hard on this dumb meme to not be able to post it
What if the Federal Reserve bought out bitcoin as the new Gold Standard?
I made something
Am I wrong?
O telhado solar
Getting Satoshi back
Was I scammed again?
I wanna be the very best that no one ever was
Great news for crypto as a very important cryptocurrency passes 3000$ USD
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
How do I open a wallet.date file to get the Bitcoin
does anyone know how bluewallet and companies like it make money?
Prend deux minutes de ton temps pour decouvrir comment gagner du bitcoin sans investissement.suivez le lien pour decouvrir
Could I use smart contracts to lock my BTC for a certain number of years?
It's OVER 9000!!!! Remember that?
I made something
Bank of England and UK Parliament get ‘Bitcoin fixes this’ treatment
War of Pups
Flash Loan Attack on Binance Smart Chain, $30 Million Stolen From Spartan Protocol Using BNB
My mom got a Bitcoin cake since she loves learning about crypto now!
news
Local Japanese restaurant offering Bitcoin in WV. Saw an old lady funneling hundreds in before I took the picture.
In two days Bill Maher's 8min 9sec Anti-crypto rant has been viewed 2.2m times in YouTube alone.. the equivalent carbon footprint of a viewing device being left on for 35 years... at least Bitcoin isn't just using energy just to be an A-Hole.
THE KEY: to making crypto grow (no matter which coin you’re rooting for)
Bitcoin is not revolutionary and is gonna crash someday
Bitcoin Gift Tax Question (Form 709)
O telhado solar
What is the origin story of a single unit of Bitcoin being set equal to 100M sats?
Merchant Token Bonus
It's killing me that I only get to buy Bitcoin once a month.
Trying to find an explanation video for family.
There will only be 21 million Bitcoin. What happens when 7.6 billion people realize that?
Is the Taproot activation considered as a hard or soft fork ?
O telhado solar
I guess it's time to buy Flashx Ultra Coin (FSXU)
Help with Google Authenticator
Bitcoin Core 0.21.1 Is Released With Speedy Trial Taproot Activation
Crypto users in the USA that want to learn more about the Laws and Legal System -- National Paralegal College offers Free Video Courses that come with Free Exams that award "Digital Badge" credentials with Credly
Feels like 2017
Portfolio Tracker [for Binance Alt/BTC pairings]
My Newly Introduced Investor, Going on with the process of funding her trading account
Can You cancel BTC transection?
Can You cancel 1 confirmed BTC transection
Can i cancel 1 confirmed BTC transection?
Is there anyway can i cancel 1 confirmed BTC transection?
Limit order
Anthony Pompliano schooling paper hands Dave Portnoy on the basics of Bitcoin
How Bitcoin Mining Can Catalyze Solar Development w/ Max Webster
BTC to ♾
Charlie munger calls bitcoin disgusting
My Lamborghini Huracan for DOGECOIN (Europe) 300k$ Available on autoscout
The Last Days of Satoshi Nakamoto-What Bitcoin Did Podcast
Illegal?
Selling my Lamborghini Huracan for Crypto (Europe) 300k$ Available on autoscout
Whats hodl?
You can get Bitcoin totally free, I am still mining my own bitcoin, this week alone i made $743.67 its EASY &amp; REAL all u need is a cell phone labtop or computer log onto : https://minebitcoins.co/
Financial advisor
Why is BTC still top 1?
Venezuela
Sending you all a invitation to join our new discord server dedicated mainly to crypto! However we are a inclusive server that has chat rooms of all general forms of topics! Weekly airdrops, TA experts, coin analysis, etc...
Purchasing Bitcoin while under 16
Now accepting Bitcoin for jewellery
anyone know any good exchanges you can buy bitcoin and take it off the exchange the same day??
Why doesn't Turkey just lie and say thier inflation rate is 2% like USA and the rest of Europe does?
If we drop underneath I’m shitting my pants.
Satoshi Nakamoto saves the world in an NFT-enabled comic book series
I think it's time to go multisig
It wouldn’t be a surprise that BTC might hit 100k by the end of 2021.
Which apps are good to buy Crypto on
Want to Visualize Bitcoin C++ objects
$MARI $MARIJUANA
Change your life today.
It wouldn’t be a surprise that BTC might hit 100k by the end of 2021.
In Penny Stock
Bitcoin Prices Snap above $57k, Will the Fed Taper Bond Purchases?
🪤
Selling Coinbase, Micro Bitcoin Sunday, Revolut Frees BTC + More News
Thankful for You All and BTC
Could we see a new high by mid month? 🤔 I’m thinking anywhere between $70-75k 🚀
Use TOTHEMOON10 for 10% off! Free shipping in the US. www.spacehodl.com 😎
🚨 New Bitcoin scam from bots on YouTube comments, be aware
Data Science finds the next Bitcoin ATH
Data science finds the next Bitcoin ATH
Math on display in nyc. Is this about bitcoin or einstein or something else?
Lol
Beware. #ironyman coin scamming people. I got banned for calling them out.
Charlie Munger says Bitcoin is Disgusting...
Why Care About Bitcoin? Here’s One Philosopher’s Take.
This is the newest project of him?
I think he’s mad because he missed out
Psychic Insight: Death of Cryptocurrencies..
Bitcoin is a hoax
Luno and Barclays deposit
🚀🚀❤️🚀 #DORAEMOON $DMOON From the future to the moon 🚀🚀🚀❤️
support the family of a political prisoner
What is the cost of buying and transferring bitcoin to wallet?
Ask a Psychic: Is Craig Wright the creator of Bitcoin?
Freshly minted cryptocurrency inspired NFT bundle ‘the three musketeers’ by Gregory Stennatt (Finggerz) is currently levitating over OpenSea.
When Will Bitcoin’s (BTC) Recession End And What Is The New Goal?
Waiting for the next dip be like...
Will the block size ever increase?
Waiting for another dip be like...
Rabbit Hole Invitation
For US Crypto users that want to learn more about the Laws and Legal System - National Paralegal College offers Free Video Courses that come with Free Exams that award "Digital Badge" credentials with Credly
Crypto Tax Question
Bitcoin Trading Investment.. You Definitely Don't Want To Miss It 💯💥
Funding Rates Low After 10K Rally, What This Means For Bitcoin’s Price
Trubit Help needed .
Hey I just watched this video comparing Satoshi Nakamoto to Jesus
Will Bitcoin replace gold as the ultimate store of wealth?
Help selling!
Bitcoin Cloud Miner
I want to run a full node.
From Zero to hero
Looking for Help [AnchorUSD Exchange]
I wasn’t expecting to see a “bitcoin atm” at my local gas station.
Bitcoin is a ‘disgusting’ product that comes ‘out of thin air,’ says Charlie Munger
the wildest fact about bitcoin
IF EVERYONE SOLD THEIR PRECIOUS METALS IT WOULD MAKE BITCOIN AND ALL CRYPTOS SKYROCKET .
Can bitcoin be refunded?
Visit my page!! 💟❤️
Big Bitcoin update is coming!
How Bitcoin is working in Global Financial Marketplace?
Do not use netcoins.ca/app, they are a scam!
@thatbitcoinpage on Instagram !
Danish Bank charging negative -1% interest on savings over 100,000 Kronor (about $16,000)
Willy Woo Predicts that Bitcoin gonna be $300000+ by the end of December 2021.
Covid patients and families struggle as hospitals in Jodhpur (India) run out of beds | Ground Report
Why would anyone verify transactions after bitcoin supply ends?
Working from home is the beginning of financial freedom🚀💯
Can’t wait till they are shilling Bitcoin on infomercials!!! 🚀
Earn Bitcoin Free While You Are Online ( 100% Legit &amp; Tested )
running a full node
Where can I buy crypto without an ID.
Max
MEDIA'S NEW NARRATIVE
Lightning network, how?
My wife got me this on my Birthday 🤑
Hardware wallets for blind people
Should I be writing down all my btc transactions
Daily Bitcoin News May 1st, 2021
How to use Taproot with my node..
can't withdraw from crypto.com
I am tired to see all these vs with eth the last month
Put whole ira into crypto? Any thoughts?
Comedian Bill Maher excoriates environmental impact of crypto
Due Diligence Deep Dive BAX
How can Bitcoin be banned?
Bitcoin solves the energy grids "duck curve" problem
About to engrave my seed into eternity
Got Scammed
Most expected update since SegWit
Crypto Mining
.
Why has BTC growth rate slowed?
How to Make Your First Bitcoin Buy!
Peter Schiff I hope you're listening
BITCOIN Cryptocurrency Mining Android Smartphone and Browser or how to get for free bitcoin
Warren Buffett's right-hand man calls bitcoin 'disgusting'
Is it safe to set the miner fee to 1 sat/byte?
Why Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger Hate Bitcoin
DCAing in Bitcoin is like winning the lottery in slow motion
Sunday Market Analysis on Bitcoin
Exchange
What is the best way to let my family get my bitcoins if I died?
Best exchange to buy bitcoin with debit card from neteller/skrill
HotBit hacked... about 2 million users affected...Cannot be stressed enough but do not store your crypto in an exchange.
Bill Maher: “It’s been explained to me, and I still don’t understand it.”
New one only 4 Hours 0xb18ac45df45562c5b601f103ede05c7ff92b113f
Good video on how not to overcomplex seedphrase security
From Tulips and Scrips to Bitcoin and Meme Stocks – Speculating &amp; Mania
any way i can buy btc with no id? preferably online
Taproot
Looking for clarification on Mined Coins vs UTXOs
PROTFOLIO CHECK! EVERYONE DROP WHAT YOU HAVE IN YOUR PROTFOLIO!
Bitcoin vs Ethereum
Question to recovering my wallet
My MIL makes custom pottery and made me a surprise birthday gift. She doesn't think she is that good. I think she is amazing and I have new favorite mugs to prove it.
F2Pool, the biggest miner with close to 1/5th of the total hashrate signals for Taproot! (3rd mining pool to do it).
Do you think bitcoin could help ppwer the next economic system? This one.
Two Major Mining Pools are Already Signalling for Taproot!
Locked and loading up on more Bitcoin
Median transaction fees have stayed at around 0.0002 BTC for years. If you've earnt and held your wealth in bitcoin, then TX fees haven't actually increased. So it's not that fees have become too expensive for buying a cup of coffee onchain, it's that the coffee has become so cheap in comparison!
Question regarding taproot/schnorr update
NFT for sale. 1/1 ‘Sayl To The Moon’. Michael Saylors sail boat helping Bitcoin to the moon. Available for 11 BNB. Let me know if interested and I’ll post the link.
Bitcoin Network Status Update Sunday, May 02, 2021
Charlie Munger hateing on BTC again
Almost payed for my motorbike with bitcoin today. mass adoption is coming.
Warren Buffett warns that “the consequences of easy money policies remain an unanswered question.” END THE FED
Buying Bitcoin is like buying New York Avenue, Tennessee Avenue, and St. James Place. You want to do it as early as you can. Operating a LN routing service is like building the houses and hotels. I think capital leveraged opportunities are only just getting started with routing.
Dino Munger : bitcoin is contrary to the interests of civilization
Warren Buffet warns we do not know the consequences of “easy money” policies set by centralized finance
54 BTC were traded last week only using LocalBitcoin in Venezuela, a 9 BTC decrease from last week. These 54 BTC were 7,482,000,000,000 Bs. (Venezuelan currency, Bolivares ISO VES). One BTC is around 155,000,000,000 Bs. Monthly minimum wage was raised from 0.6 USD to 3.5 USD.
SECOND Mining Pool signals for taproot readiness! Go Taproot!
These Spectacular Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 2 Remaining
Could miners give up mining long before the final coin is reached?
Steve munchkin
bitcoins drawbacks
Confused about costs of transferring or exchanging
With all this Charlie Munger talk, let us be reminded by Andreas "what happened to the dinosaurs"
Massive Dynamics 30k Twitter And 1k Telegram 100x
I'm gonna post this here just in case some of y'all have coins to spare and wanted to do something crazy with them.
Toxic bitcoiners
"bad for our civilization" ....expected from these gentlemen who'd rather invest in coke rather than crypto....still wtf
Bitcoin is the Future!
How will it be possible to buy everyday things with BTC in the future while fee's would be more expensive than the actual product?
Lever is coming
Peirce says a Gensler-led SEC could prove a "very productive" time
How can we boost the whitepaper to make it the #1 search result on google?
Mining bitcoin ‘will become a key part of global clean energy future’. Financial services company Square says bitcoin miners can actually complement clean energy production and storage technologies, allowing electricity grids to deploy ‘substantially more renewable energy’
Disgusting
LOL. Bloomberg blames bitcoin for low gold prices
https://www.businessinsider.com.au/berkshire-hathaway-charlie-munger-doubled-down-bitcoin-criticism-disgusting-2021-5?utm_medium=social&amp;utm_campaign=sf-bi-ti&amp;utm_source=facebook.com&amp;fbclid=IwAR01O7Rg1Dl7y4VoYnDEB-SJR9PBhxH1r2apofnUgXNox3LHed-MmJe_fl8&amp;r=US&amp;IR=T
Disgusting
Bitcoin’s time to shine is fast approaching.
Every time Bitcoin doubles an angel gets its wings
Can you avoid paying taxes by buying Bitcoin?
Crypto youtubers make up to 30k from sponsorships
everytime in the dip
BTC adress
Me too i want
The 2021 Bullrun
BTC's success has long been set into stone. Here's a Wallpaper for everyone to keep it in mind.
Bill Maher reacts on camera phones in 2003
Important article by a friendly Bitcoin skeptic: "In Praise of Bitcoin | Epsilon Theory"
69K 5/8
Transferring Bitcoin into Ethereum
Can someone explain this to me? - Bitcoin Taproot Activation Has Begun; Miners Now Have 3 Months to Get on Board — CoinDesk
MicroStrategy reveals 10.3% rise in revenue after Bitcoin purchases
NYSE owner ICE sold its Coinbase stake for $1.2 billion, securing a $900 million profit
Nocoiners
AN ODE AND FORTHCOMING OBITUARY TO BITCOIN’S FOUR-YEAR CYCLE A reflection on Bitcoin’s four-year market cycle—and how a healthy block space market will eventually kill it for its own good.
Elon musk will host SNL on May 8th. Do you think his appearance will have an effect on the market? And if so are you planning on taking profit of the situation?
Really? Like when you see ‘buy gold!’ ads?
John Oliver had much more intelligent (than Maher) segment on bitcoin. And that was more then 3 years ago. Still holds up today very well.
These Spectacular Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 2 Remaining
BTC 69k 5/8
Charlie Munger calls bitcoin ‘disgusting and contrary to the interests of civilization’
FATF Makes Small Crypto Platforms Easy Prey For Big Players
Help
Check my name!!
Chief Economist Norway at Handelsbanken is HODLing a Bitcoin
Has anyone had any experience with Trustee wallet on ios? (not the binance trust wallet)
Bitcoin
Coinspot
What exchange should I use if I live in Germany?
The Stories We Tell About Money - Andreas Antonopoulos
Welcome 😉 Now you can get a loan in a matter of a few clicks or become a lender and get up to 1% daily profit. Get started right away .. Click For this site : https://linkatcom.com/LJDSV
Is any usb stick a valid wallet?
Bitcoin regulations in turkey change!! Read the link attached
Tech Token Network ( $TCN ) PreSale Ends on 5th May Hurry Up!
Help.What’s the difference between ledger nano X and ledger nano S?
What’s the difference between ledger nano X and ledger nano S?
What is a private channel on lightning?
Yes, because you have to buy a whole Bitcoin, and eth and btc has the same supply…
Taproot+Schnoor is coming. What's next?
We called it Bitbull🤑Art by[@beeple_crap]
Tech Token Network ( $TCN ) PreSale Ends on 5th May Hurry Up!
Could anyone price check the: Bitcoin St. Petersburg Bowl
What are you earning with your Bitcoin/Lightning Node?
You qualify for $30 discount
Let’s start #NOToCocaCola movement, because #Munger insults our progressive view about the interest of humanity. Get the #NOToCocaCola trending!
Bitcion
END DAY
Jack Dorsey explaining the banking red tape of Cash App on a global scale, and how Bitcoin solves all those issues
Low energy on the competitor's sub.
Bitcoin Audible: Read_523 - Fiat, Fascism, &amp; Communism [Aleks Svetski]
The time has come to........
Blocksize
Lumber inflation Pun
Elon Musk will be responsible when Dogecoin goes 95% down for many suicides, comments ?
Get the Pi coins!!
New pool "Poolin" started signaling for Taproot activation!
Fiat Money Political Compass
Got doge at .0009 for my first crypto buy few years ago .... only have 69,000 shares is that good ???
Glassnode predicts BTC rally as stablecoin supply tags record highs
Stop auto removing
DDDDD
Mods keep auto deleting
mods
Not your pay not your pal
Just bought $200 more after reading this.
Not your pays not your pals
Mods keep removing
Not your pays not your pals
Vibing and riding the wave 🤚💎
Thailand’s New Cryptocurrency Regulation Requires Users to Be Physically Present to Open Accounts
Bitcoin's longevity as a useable currency
Please 🙏🥺
Vibing and riding the wave 🤚💎
Little help with school assignment?
Why is the drop so perfectly shaped?
10MSATS.NET // 10MILLIONSATOSHIS.COM // 10MILLIONSATS.NET - Info site I made answering the question "How Much Bitcoin Should I Own?"
Transactions in Bitcoin Blockchain
Why do ALL coins seems to DIP at the same time?
Poon
Vibing and riding the wave 🤚💎
Paypal is a counterparty risk
is there a way to see which exchanges customers are buying the most bitcoin from?
IBM needs to buy the scam coin from the boy who won’t make that blockchain. “100x coin”
Why BTC dropping but ETH going up?
IBM needs to buy the scam coin from the boy who won’t make that blockchain. “100x coin”
WaveCoin Coming
Transaction Stuck in MemPool for ever 20+ days
What’s with this diagonal dip? (SS from PayPal, only been invested for around 6 months, just never seen something like this?)
Buy, to the moon
Bitcoin versus Chia coin
doge
Wtf just happened?
We hodl through the cold!😎
What the average crypto investor thinks about bitcoin. Its still early.. They'll get it only when there's no other choice. Buy when there's blood in the streets and HODL.
If you start to think you're late to bitcoin... realize that this is what the average person thinks in regards to bitcoin and crypto right now. Absolutely 0 awareness or actual knowledge. They'll get it when CNN spponfeeds it to them. HODL
Treasury Expects to Borrow $1.3 Trillion Over Second Half of Fiscal 2021
Bitcoin smart contract platform RSK sees TVL of 1,445K BTC driven by Sovryn DeFi app launch
FOIA US Treasury
Baterias blockchain
I e-mailed the Digital Dollar Project
Have you seen this???
Just put $1 into Bitcoin 😂
Stay far away from these presales!
Can I transfer money from my Cash App soft wallet to my Cobo Vault Essential Hardware wallet without being taxed as if I am sending it to another person? Can anyone link me to a good video on how to do this at setup of my Cobo?
your coins are now mine.
Coinbase pro account balance gone what can I do?
💎 ICO will be completed any moment in next hours 🎯🏆 Last chance join the Merchant Token ICO
Crypto Dollar or Paper Dollar
Recently Bill Gates talked shit on Bitcoin and now his wife divorced him. Good job Melinda Gates!
Inflation write off
lmao wtf just happened?
Cross-chain atomic swap between Bitcoin and Liquid sidechain (using regtest) swapping BTC for L-BTC
Is 54K the new 9K?
Is 54K the new 9K?
Straight down
SNICKERS X DOGE 📈
Baterias blockchain
recovery phrase was stolen
Australian Crypto ETF, Digital Dollar Pilots, MetaMask Phishing Bot + More News
Come now and Start mining Bitcoin on the cloud and earn free money! Simple process, ZERO investment funds!! You can withdraw your balance as soon as you hit 0.00001 BTC.
5 months ago, I posted about buying in for the first time at $27k as a 19yo. Today, I’m in it for the long haul.
Do you think crypto currency will replace banks ?
Dug up the old email from 2013 asking VirWox how the hell to buy bitcoin. I think I paid around $150.
How it went...
Someone wake me up when altcoin season is done
I have $2,000 to invest in anything right now. Why should I chose Bitcoin?
Bitcoin OG’s, I need your input...
Baterias blockchain
How Psychedelics, Regenerative Farming And Bitcoin Can Save The World -
Don't miss out on Safemoon.
Baterias blockchain
Is Bitcoin the best blockchain for companies to engage or are there better blockchains out there?
60k Resistance
🚀🚀🌚 YouMoon$YMOON🌚🚀🚀
The Reddit Lightning Network Megahub is getting stronger! We added at least 7 Triangles this weekend alone
how to buy a bitcoin ?
Bitcoin mining
Yearn Finance Launches New Vault, While YFI Retakes Bullish Momemtum
Verified
Ethereum is a centralized scam compared to Bitcoin!
Get $25 after trading $100 of Crypto !!
Can i trade bitcoin i mine straight to usd?
Will this sub start calling BTC a shitcoin after it gets flipped?
Will this sub start calling BTC a shitcoin after it gets flipped?
Is buying stuff with bitcoin taxed?
If in 10 years time Bitcoin becomes a global success and I want to become the top 1% of the top 1% in terms of being rich.....mathematically how many Bitcoins should i own? Is it 6.56 Bitcoin?
Is it true is Bitcoin going to crash should sell???
Join?
I want sell doge coins for real money.
If (Silicon Valley) Gilfoyle’s Son of Anton existed, do you think it could break Bitcoin’s security system?
The Effects of Bitcoin Fees on Lightning - Lightning Junkies Off the Cuff - LNJ043
Why is there such negative sentiment right now on bitcoin?
Maybe my best investment this year
Bitcoin: Or How We Became Gods
(HELP Needed for BLOCKCHAIN)
What CME Micro Futures Mean for the Bitcoin Market
ETH
Why is Taproot not dead in the water this period?
A Crypto Portfolio funded entirely by Blood Plasma Donation $$$ (Part 2 Update)
Day 2 Of Road To 100k In Profit Should I only Focus On Bitcoin?
Bitstamp announces US expansion after 570% increase in customers
In other news, Bill and Melinda are heading for divorce. I guess she’s a $BTC maxilmalist 🤣
I’m 17, I have $2500 in the bank that I’d like to get to $4000 so I can buy a decent car when I turn 18 in March. I can buy bitcoin, but can’t sell until I’m 18. Should I put a portion of my savings into crypto?
Proof of ethical bitcoin mining source
Bitcoin for GME?
How can btc be used for day to day transactions?
Maximise my HODL - Looking for advice.
Sovryn : DeFi for Bitcoin
[Serious] What will happen when Ethereum inevitably takes over?
2017
I want to buy Bitcoin
If everyone dropped one Bitcoin into doge you double your money in an hour
I made this in honor of the original moon shot: Bitcoin. "The dramatic story of man's boldest venture..."
We need Your Help!
BILL GATES DIVORCE
Defi On Bitcoin Shoots Up As RSK Surpasses Lighting Network Total Value Locked In BTC
The Effects of Bitcoin Fees on Lightning - Lightning Junkies Off the Cuff - LNJ043
Business proposal
Maker Foundation Sends $480 Million to MakerDAO Before It Dissolves
🎯 I TOLD YOU SO - SPECTACULAR NEWS - BEST 2021 ICO ⚡ YOU CAN STILL BE PART OF IT. LAST CALL !!
Africa is leading the world in peer-to-peer bitcoin trading volume growth this year so far.
HD wallet derivation path -- it's ALWAYS 44 right?
What is this website
Why Do Bitcoin Transactions Take Forever?
Are boomers cryptophobes?
Employer paid worker in crypto, then demanded it back when price rose
So I have been meaning to buy Bitcoin for sometime
Maybe my best investment this year
PayPal to Start Letting US Customers Pay In Bitcoin at Global Merchants
SwissBorg community app
New node running umbrel is up 👌 Time to do some lightning micropayments with my very own node ⚡❤️😁
Bitcoin and other shitcoins
New node is up 👌 Time to do some lightning micropayments with my very own node ⚡❤️😁 @getumbrel
Dogecoin Now Valued Higher than Twitter and Ford
New node is up 👌 Time to do some lightning micropayments with my very own node ⚡❤️😁
New node is up 👌 Time to do some lightning micropayments with my very own node ⚡❤️ 😁
Time is deflationary.
New node is up 👌 time to do some lightning micropayments with my very own node ⚡❤️
Your stonk market is disgusting!
Bitcoin miners had a $1.7 billion revenue in April
Let’s Exchange Scam
Chia Network 'Opened Discussions' With Investors, Debuts On Exchanges
Scammed?
DCG Authorizes $750 Million In GBTC Purchases As Discount Persists
Donut Pizza!! 3 questions to ask to find out if you should learn about cryptocurrency
A history of Bitcoin Fog, the crypto mixer that washed 6% of BTC’s supply
Would you ever have a bitcoin rug like this in your house?
Is there a way to lock up bitcoin for a few years, so you can not access while its locked using p2sh?
IT'S ESSENTIAL TO DIFFUSE THE GOSPEL AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE TO ATTEMPT TO SAVE AS MANY PEOPLE AS POSSIBLE
Anyone ELSE loose BTC in chamath palihapitiya’s “CHAM-EVENT”?
Let' Ask!
Multisig Wallet Setup - Bitcoin Core on Computer vs. Dedicated Hardware
I’m trying to learn everything I can about crypto. I’m reaching out for help to understand. If there are facilities all over the world currently mining Bitcoin, how is there a set limit of total coins??
Genesis Global Trading’s Q1 Report Shows Growth In Bitcoin Markets
Easy money
I will develop profitable bitcoin mining bot, trading bot, forex trade
Blockchain funds dissapeared?
I've been investing in Bitcoin since 2012, but have never used it to purchase. What are the incentive to use it as an actual currency when it is deflationary and will be worth more in the future?
HELP! Accidentally sent BTC to USDT account in FTX
9 people out of 10 I talk to are still not in. That is why i respect everyone here on Reddit so much, because if you are reading this whoever you are in actual life you are defo one of the intelligent 1%
BTFD is as equally important as HODL. I am like up $20,000 from leverage buying that April dip. This is like 6 months net saving from working at a $200,000 job.
This Month In Bitcoin Privacy - April (newsletter on bitcoin privacy by Janine Roemer)
Hardware Wallet Question!
It has been a good month so far: Bitcoin surpasses $1 trillion as May sparks bull run
Hardware wallets for blind people
Where can I buy crypto without an ID.
BTC's success has long been set into stone. Here's a Wallpaper for everyone to keep it in mind.
#Bitcoin is future of money?
Buy Shares
My 3yo daughter explains Bitcoin 🙃
Bitcoin Miners Double Revenue: Fees Spiked Over 200% in 10 Days Since the Halving
I just published my Bitcoin Android Game on Google Play. Hope you will enjoy playing it....
Fundamentals
Danske Bank Lowers Negative Rate Threshold, Denmark’s Business Minister Says ‘Enough is Enough’
Rein in die Olga für die Zukunft
What happened to the stickied thread that listed all of the different apps recommended?
Help or advice please?!
Capitulating To Customer Demand, Revolut Will Allow Bitcoin Withdrawals
Now it is your turn. Foreign exchange market.
better coins
Paying Employees
EVERYONE BUY DOGECOIN NOW!!!!!
NEW! InstaMiner Release. ETH Mining, AION Mining, Micro Bitcoin Mining. Best Crypto Mining
It’s too late to mine Bitcoin. But there is another way.
Massive spike in transactions right now
Six years ago I sent my friend 1.726 bitcoins for his services(now worth ~$100K ) I thought he was an idiot for wanting to be paid in a meme coin
Bitcoin is the first real money since 1971!
Who is Nakamoto in the end
earn papypal cash ! earn free crypto !
I lost most of my crypto pls help
Bitcoin Price Action Replay | May 3, 2021 Part 1/2 | UTC 03:00 to UTC 15:00
I want another bear market
Copy deals more efficiently
Beating freebitco.in at their own game
WELCOME TO Switzerland Token ! Now 10x --&gt; 100x coming soon
Covid patients and families struggle as hospitals in Jodhpur(India) run out of beds | Ground Report
What is the best hardware for mining and where to buy
What are the types of Bitcoin Exchange?
What about inequality?
Currency Exchange shops adding btc will change the game.
Buying
Is it possible to have a randomly generated address that people can send money to?
Am I the only one eagerly waiting for ethereum to implode?
Split my crypto among several staking/lending platforms good idea?
New Umbrel update is out with Taproot ready Bitcoin Core and a new BlueWallet Lightning app 🚀
I am the one who hodls 🚀
Minted my first Bitcoin NFT, paying homage to the first day of trading in 2010
Bitcoin Ending Debt Slavery with Will Reeves
Binance.US to buy crypto?
Everything You Need To Know About Taproot Signaling By Bitcoin Miners
New to bitcoin mining, need a little help
Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger Continue Their Marketing Campaign for Bitcoin (Indirectly at Least)
Is this disgusting Charlie?
Reselling my Miami Bitcoin Conference 2021 Ticket
Help me pls
I'm very new to this and I just want to know how to mine bitcoin.
CME Group Launches Micro Bitcoin Futures to Attract Retail Traders
No More Bitcoin Left In 454 Days.
EBay Open To Accepting Bitcoin for Payments - EBay's CEO, Jamie Lannone, said that they are open to the idea of accepting Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies as payment during an interview with CNBC.
Andrew Ryan (Ayn Rand) philosophy
I can answer your question, how you know when you've finally stacked enough sats.
Bitcoin Core 0.21.1 Released With Taproot Activation Code!
Grayscale’s parent firm DCG to expand GBTC buy limit by $500M
I’ve been waiting for ETH to crash so I can buy the dip.
The Dogefather
I dare BTC to give me a good deal
Simpsons Did It!
EXCLUSIVE Domain for Sale!!!
Description: Introducing The 7 Most Common Mistakes Made in Affiliate Marketing - A Must Have Guide for All Affiliate Marketers. Inside this eBook, you will discover the topics about affiliate marketing the best place to start, choosing a bad product to promote, picking a low converter, selling snak
BITCOIN HOJE | BITCOIN RUMO A 60K E ALTCOINS ACOMPANHANDO | BITCOIN NEWS...
History repeats itself so bull run isn’t over yet, stay strong guys!
History repeats itself so bull run isn’t over yet, stay strong!
How to introduce a minor to BTC?
Hip Hop Star Nas Calls Himself ‘Cryptocurrency Scarface,’ Mentions Coinbase Investment in New Video
help on buy rise or buy fall
How likely do you think a ban of bitcoin and all crypto currencies is and IF this happens : will the entire crypto market collapse?
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, May 03, 2021
Did Elon Musk Actually Create Bitcoin?
Musk right now. To the moon 🚀🚀🚀
The first blockchain based bank
Any difference between a US Crypto Dollar and Bitcoin?
Everything green but Bitcoin smh
So has anybody actually met Satoshi in real life?
Help me to decrypt BIP38 code for $10K
ENDP and other pharm investing
BITCOIN MIAMI!!
Your thoughts on the future impact of Artificial Intelligence when it comes to trading BTC?
BITCOIN HOJE | CRIPTOMOEDAS PROMISSORAS ETHEREUM BATE RECORDE | BITCOIN ...
"Printing money is stealing from the poor", once again on the Bank of England. Civil disobedience next level.
This is what will happend for the Bitcoin by 2031
🚀 Ethereum ha superado los 3.200 dólares 💥 y su cofundador, Vitalik Buterin, ya tiene más de 1.000 millones de dólares en Ethereum. Es multimillonario a los 27 años. Aquí la noticia completa
eBay Still Looking at Crypto Payments, Mulls NFTs
A very important way to profit from the Internet
u/rBitcoinMod
Qubit.life главные новости апреля.
💣💥Last chance to get in - Last phase before major price increase due to unforeseen massive demand - Phase 92 of 100 right now and +$0.09 increase for the remaining 9 phases until it reaches $1.93 in phase 100 - Massive Real World Utility - Serious New Project - Very High Potential 👁️‍🗨️
Earn more than $ 5 a day with automatic clicking
Lucky Number 7: Bitcoin, Ethereum Break Total Crypto Monthly Record
I'd love to work for a crypto company. I'm also looking to switch careers. What programming languages/concepts are most in-demand?
Get curated BTC News with Realtime and Historical Bitcoin(BTC) charts
EBay CEO says looking at cryptocurrency as payment option: CNBC
CBD oil
Late to the party ... ChainTip
My Interview With Bitcoin of America About Miami
Q2 $200k potentially
Q2 $200K
BTC:ETH
Will there be a cycle end?
The next big short is here
Can someone who actually understands taproot chime in on this thread?
Sup team.
Sign up on Blockzone.com
Charlie Munger ‘hates’ bitcoin’s rise: ‘disgusting and contrary to interests of civilization’
🧘🏻‍♂️📈🚀🦮🌙
it really be like that
A subreddit for crypto investors and enthusiasts. Feel free to join. Looking for mods too.
Bitcoin Taking Over – Soccer Player Ifunanyachi Achara the Latest Sports Pro to Take Salary in Bitcoin with Bitwage
Bitcoin Paradise exists
Check out Netellis
How Will Cryptocurrency Impact Casinos?
MOST SUCCESSFUL BITCOIN AND ALTCOIN TRADING STRATEGY FOR MAY!
NFTs (Official Music Video)
Hut 8 Mining (Bitcoin Mining) Interview with Sue Ennis, Head of Corporate Development
Charlie Munger hating on bitcoin shows that boomers feel threatened because they got complacent and missed out on the next big thing
MOONCOIN
Today 1 Satoshi = USD $0.0005769236, what if in 20, 30 years time 1 Satoshi = USD $1. I see this coming.
Merchant Token Bonus Link: https://merchanttoken.org?ref=3MHU5GKPD
END DAY
Free food. Speakers. Afterparty. and yes, we'll get you some Bitcoin!
Kraken Funding
Does XFX Speedster Qick 319 6700XT support AsRock H110 Pro BTC+?
:)
South Korean Crypto Tax U-Turn Looking Unlikely, Despite Outcry
This is the newest project of him?
#doge
Please help me
We Are LIONS, We Are Tigers, We are BITCOIN.
If you don’t mind
What are your thoughts about Bitcoin going sideways while the others are booming?
What the hell is happening with Bitcoin? All these institutional and global adopters AND countless good news yet the price wanes.
If you hold crypto on nexo you can get interest from it DAILY. Use my link
DONATEKART HELP INDIA
hahahaa… I conquered them…..
Helpful guide to setting transaction fees
ASICMiner Block Erupter USB 330MH/s Sapphire Miner
Can anyone help me
Why is BTC blockchain so heavy?
NOT TRYING TO GET AUDITED PLEASE HELP GAMBLING WINNINGS TAXES HELP!
Any idea what NY's proposed bill to freeze BTC mining will do price wise on BTC?
Doge song (sung by Elon musk)
ENCRYPTED MESSAGE FROM ELON MUSK!!!!! OMG THE HYPE IS REAL! https://youtu.be/lN0OErs2JRA
DOGE song (Sung by Elon musk)
Lost my wallet password but still have the address and private key my brother gave me years ago. Is there anything I can do?
Tiblar.com the alternative to Discord, Instagram and Tumblr now accepts Bitcoin and Monero.
Buy bitcoin with BNB
Where to Sell Crypto for canadians?
I wanted to buy the dip so bad, but...
Tax question
Negócio e envelhecimento
IClubtrade
^^
Watch "This is how Elon musk hires" on YouTube https://youtu.be/PuekZ1AqG-M
Get 50$ bonus free
Spain to Share Data of Users From Domestic Crypto Businesses With European Union Countries
where do i buy "Real" bitcoin from
I’m disappointed I even put money in Bitcoin because all of you holders have paper hands
Bitcoin Transaction Fees? Will we ever see bitcoin being accepted as a major form of payment?
Quick and honest profit plan 45% to 75% profit rate $ 50 seed investment loan The best profit sites 100% reliable and honest site Ai Corporation. marketing There is a lot of evidence of removal from the site and there is no problem. The site is more than amazing, very beautiful, terrible and
Don’t give your coins away!
Thank you
Key Metrics Show the Bitcoin Bull run about to Take Off
Negócio e envelhecimento
According to his PDG, eBay can add a cryptocurrency payment option.
Trying this too
Bitcoin investment
Negócio e envelhecimento
Digicash
Bitcoin to the world 🌍💯💰
DeFi for Bitcoin is really here. All Bitcoiners need to know this. Sovryn Uses the Rootstock sidechain with a decentralized peg (Btc -&gt; RBtc)
Mining process raises questions concerning long-term viability of cryptocurrency
Can anyone tell what app/platform is this? Thanks.
Hearing 2 customers discussing blockchain at the gas station made me so happy. 😍
Adding Bitcoin to my ZenGo wallet
BLOCKFI
Honey miner
What is happening??????
How do I get rid of dust? Received some spam UTXOs
Garden Path
List of Billionaire/Multimillionaire Crypto Holdings?
NEW CRYPTO CURRENCY IS COMING
Is today is a good day to buy 100$ bitcoin?
Mein
0.20 btc for free
I am very happy to mine free 0.20 bitcoin in 5 minutes
An Ambitious Spanish Man Offered His Parking Space for Bitcoin
ENCRYPTED MESSAGE FROM ELON MUSK!!!!! https://www.youtube.com/c/MrPiscesTheCrypticFish
Bitcoin question
The Unhashed Podcast: Ruff Consensus
Serious question: If every adult (18+) in the world were to buy $1 USD worth of Bitcoin today, where would our Bitcoin price target land at?
Has anyone bought a home safe box to store the hardware wallet and seedphrase?
Best Private Key Suggestions
am I alone thinking 'Blood Coins' is stupid?
Quickest way to withdraw all of my funds from my mobile bank?
I made a live Bitcoin~!
Save BTC for my children. And for myself again.
Blockfi
How can Bitcoin scale with limited block size?
Does anyone remember this?
Bitcoin Stockmarket Crash Connection In A Shemitah Year 2021
Current best coin/btc mixer?
Maybe my best investment this year
Crypto-Exchange Fee chart
Guaranteed profits DURING the ico, will list at 4.20 on uniswap. Get in early in the biggest ico of 2021. $40 million raised so far. https://merchanttoken.org?ref=CZ2YJH1KP
Weekly Conscious Crypto Investing Strategy
Mineração
This Analyst Predicts Massive Litecoin Rally And “Mental” Impact On Non Holders
I recently got into Bitcoin in the last year and I noticed a huge divide in the community. Bitcoin vs. Bitcoin Cash. What’s your take on it?
Is not Bitcoin essentially the ideal potential "basket" of Currencies?
If you are nervous about this dip, don't be. It's nothing like the CRAB-19 dump! (Short Animated Video)
Should I invest?
Bitcoin Miners Brought In $56 Million Per Day In April
And now we HODL
Bitcoin on ‘Criminal Minds’ tv program. Originally aired in 2015! If only I had listened to the crazy homeless man then... 🙃
BITCOIN EXCHANGE SCAM - DEXY EXCHANGE - DO NOT USE THEIR PLATFORM
These Beautiful Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 1 Left for Today
Thought today would be a good day to share this tribute to Hal I painted. Thank you Hal
Bitcoin's 4yr Performance Analysis vs. Shitcoins
eBay is preparing to accept Bitcoin as payment and exploring NFT’s, says company CEO
Bitcoin TA resource request
Pandora switching to man made diamonds, could this influence Bitcoin price positively?
Isn't it odd...
Isn't if odd....
Isn't it so Weird...
Someone help me find out what this is? It has bitcoin sign and "hanter automati" written on it.
THE HISTORY OF THE HODL. It originated from a misspelled BitcoinTalk post in 2013 that became the #Bitcoin meme. For context, that day Bitcoin fell from $1242USD to $480USD. The Lesson? Just HODL! 🚀🌔🦥&lt;-like this little guy
TIPS
Shill Team 6 - Crypto, NFT, Forex, Entrepreneurship discord. Come join the family of like minded individuals all working towards financial freedom and success!
After A Needed Break, The Bitcoin Price Still Has Gas In The Tank
Rockefeller Capital Management CEO, BNY Mellon and Delphi Digital on Bitcoin
Why should you begin with nonce 0 when mining bitcoin?
buying bitcoin on p2p site using cashapp
Best german bank for crypto
🚀👑🦁 YouKing $YKING 🦁 👑🚀
Why r people so cruel
Why not be afraid of crypto? Bitcoin to hit $Mil. #bitcoin
This is how you deal with Bitcoin/ crypto scammers
Maybe not understanding but isn't institutions holding on to BTC against the ethos of bitcoin?
You Can Buy a Banksy With Bitcoin From Sotheby’s
Looking at the charts the years. What do you think about this run?
Nice
Better than bitcoin
New interesting crypto project
A sad day
HODL HODL THIS IS THE WAY
There are 21 million reasons to own bitcoin.
Hash rate bouncing back after the most recent -12.6% difficulty adjustment 👀
Which stage are you at?
I Never Knew 😂🤫
How will covid-19 affect the future of Bitcoin
Is there a lightning wallet on android that you can download the apk directly from their website?
Smart money will eventually move into different inflation hedges or better Cryptos. Blockchain is revolutionary, but being first is not always a good thing. Please see comments.
Batched bitcoin transactions
Saw this at a car show over the weekend, thought y'all would like the license plate.
Paragon Finance
3EC1nwRFBAX7e9zjAoYTKS5Y2iTkBPbZXH
any help please . I want to build future.
S&amp;P Bitcoin Index
'Bitcoin fixes this' projected onto bank of England and Parliament
did not recieve full amount of transaction
More of this below, to counter the ignorance of the likes of Maher.
I SOLD IT ALL! On March 18, 2021, I exited all of my positions in stocks, bonds, ETFs... In this video, I explain why I did it, and what I did with the funds.
Active Traders Currently Holding A Sizeable Long Term Leveraged BTC Perpetual Position
Do I need to pay tax from profit when I buy Tesla for it
Pay Bitcoin Address with Paypal
Question about bull run / bear market
I invested
Lightning Liquidity rates?
Recommended software for e beginner
I'm very new to this and I just want to know how to mine bitcoin.
Lightning Liquidity rates?
When my friends ask if they should buy bitcoin
'Bitcoin fixes this' - projected onto Bank of England and Parliament
Lightning Liquidity rates?
Help me pls
New DeFi token just launched, x50 soon 🚀 🌚 BUY IT BEFORE IT GOES UP, one of the best tokens ive ever seen !!!!! 0x18eac9b6f65e55d3b34f00839f848b032b3c1d1b
Want to farm Bitcoin then click on the link you can even farm on your cell phone
Question about bull run / bear market
Whats the best app to buy bitcoin?
I have the paperwork for my lost wallet but
Privacy From Tax Authorities?
What is the best hardware for mining and where to buy
Recommended software for e beginner
What happened to the stickied thread that listed all of the different apps recommended?
Bitcoin vs. Ethereum
Janet Yellen Says Interest Rates May Rise, Bitcoin Dips
So I just learned that years and years ago my dad declined an offer of 40k bitcoin as partial payment. That'd be 2 billion USD right now. Hope this puts that 5 btc you paid for weed way back when in perspective ;)
A Comparison Of Bitcoin’s Environmental Impact With That Of Gold And Banking
Even Tarot readers are getting into BITCOIN!
₿₿₿₿₿₿₿₿₿BitcoinEnergy₿₿₿₿₿₿₿₿₿
Transferring to wallet time?
Bitcoin Is Now Bigger Than Facebook
Sold bitcoin on localbitcoins, my bank has locked my money(UK)
How does bitcoin work with taxes?
Do you guys think inflation will have positive or negative impact on bitcoin?
Bitcoin Halving: What Every Investor Must Know
Stay away from bitcoinira.com
Saw this at a car show over the weekend, I thought y'all would like the license plate.
Today is Hal Finney's 65th birthday. RIP to the cypherpunk and man who tested the first-ever Bitcoin transaction.
New Community!
Simplify the way you trade cryptocurrency by joining me on NDAX – Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
I can answer your question, how you know when you've finally stacked enough sats.
I'm very new to this and I just want to know how to mine bitcoin.
Imagine still holding Bitcoin when you could BUY DOGE!
Help me pls
S&amp;P Bitcoin Index
Bitcoin is the Mycelium of Money (Documentary)
Maybe if you listened to reason instead of bashing what was different, you'd be a whole lot richer...
improvements to dogecoin QR code import
Privacy From Tax Authorities?
The 4 Possible Scenarios for Bitcoin Price in the Future
Cryptos spreading SafeLove ...
On average, may is the most bullish month for bitcoin !
SEC commissioner on bitcoin
How Texas Is Becoming A Mecca For Bitcoin Miners
Tales from the Crypt: #248: Fragile electrical grids, unreliable energy lobby, nuclear FUD, and common sense with Meredith Angwin
How did that one guy exchange his Bitcoin for pizza in 2011?
Ledger Nano X Promo Code
When you buy the “dip” but it keeps dipping...
Can anyone recommend works of fiction that show a future where Bitcoin (or blockchain, or cryptocurrency) is supreme or is at least as widespread and common as fiat?
Bitcoins dipping pretty deep right now. What do we think it’ll go down to?
BTC or BCH - which is a better investment?
Best cryptocurrency mining site
Hey Hodlers! Has anyone here already made experiences with bitmine.shop? Is the dealer trustworthy? Any ideas on that? Greets!
Mining XBT on AWS
Who’s buying the dip?
Bitcoin BTCUSD May 4, 1 pm ET
DONATION from A Whale 🐳
Daily Bitcoin News May 3rd, 2021
A Gov Wallet
Why would you sell at these prices ?
New protocol makes Bitcoin transactions more secure and faster than Lightning
Big dip
Ebay May Soon Add Cryptocurrency Payments!
Tips for how I earned 9% bitcoin back by spending with the Fold card
Is Bitcoin Dominance Falling? (TL;DW: HODL Bitcoin long term)
$20 in Bitcoin in 2010 could’ve made you a millionaire today
About to set up my first full node today. Just need an HDD.
I’m not asking for anything. Just leaving this here.. If I just so happen to get anything I’m donating to give back.
how to make bitcoin anonymous/untraceable for online purchases
Bitcoin Halving: What Every Investor Must Know
Bitcoin in Retirement Accounts
I’m wanting to buy crypto to transfer to a wallet on KuCoin. I cannot for the life of me find a site I can trade fiat for that I can transfer too. Any help would be appreciated.
When in doubt zoom out
Nearly Half Of Bitcoin Hash Rate Now Signaling For Taproot Activation
Bitcoin Live BTC Live Bitcoin Price Prediction Bitcoin News Today [May] ...
Possibly shady thing
I cannot prove it, but
BTC Price......Just a reminder KeeoOn --- H O D L n
Bitcoin has scarcity. Bitcoin has scarcity. There is no scarcity in garbagethereum.
Another step...
Say yes if want to get T-shirt of this design
Bitcoin Network Status Update Tuesday, May 04, 2021
Get Your Nexo Card Earlier
Contrary to the interests of civilization
Who has seen Satoshi Nakamoto?
Every single day that passes, there are more adopters of bitcoin, who have come to understand that the Bitcoin Monetary Network will respect and honor their time better than any monetary medium before it. Imagine being bearish???
Dogecoin Hits Record High; Is $1.00 Possible?
📰🔥 Important announcement to all MTO holders and investors. They just announce on Twitter we will have 20 bonus phases and the price for listing now will be up to $4.20 on UniSwap at 12 July. Current price is $1.84 🚀🌕
Dont worry guys
SPREADSHEETS???
10 years late to the party but hi. Just traded all my Doge for BTC
Bitcoin: Why collectivists win
virtual/digital VISA crypto debit card that I can use on my phone with?
My current understanding of Bitcoin
Taproot activation megathread
BTC down 4K -ETH -up in the last 24 hours
Myceliun with heavy problem.
Haha...kinda.
Another dip??
Running Bitcoin: A Sculpture Celebrating Hal Finney’s 65th Birthday
If Craig Wright is lying about being Satoshi, how does the whole 0.5M BTC Kleiman lawsuit work out?
Bonus MTO!
Watching Ether and Doge these past few days be like
Me watching Ether and Doge the past few days.
Me as someone whose crypto portfolio is 90% bitcoin watching Ether and Doge these past few days.
Control your keys
Over the past few months the Lightning Network has quietly surged to all-time highs. 45,000+ public channels $70M+ of liquidity in those channels Anecdotally, seeing increased payment volume routed through my own nodes.
Excellent Bitcoin Article about Satoshi Nakamoto about to reach 1 million views on Forbes! 1 million people discovering Bitcoin's history for the first time.
The Netherlands: a house sells for £870,000 in bitcoin (BTC)
Ethereum to oust Bitcoin?
Spore Finance is good long investment
Hodl
This is why you control your keys. Coinbase 7 year US customer, unable to Sell or withdraw.. I can ONLY buy and deposit. My money is essentially stuck. I didn't get any notification when this happened, and I haven't got any support in 2 weeks.
61000 and 6100
Those were the days :(
Jeez, seems a little strange
bitcoin, down?
$AABB =$$$$$$ $5.00 Target price, only .17 cents now, dont forget it! TO THE MOON !!!!!
Is anyone else having trouble buying DogeCoin on Robbing Crook? Sorry, apologies. Typing mistake! I meant Robinhood! Somehow remained Ape Andy of GME GameStop Jan/2021 mini squeeze being destroyed?
5 REASONS WHY ETH WILL FLIP BTC TO BECOME BEST ASSET! BUT I'M SELLING!
Most haven't realised those that it's those opposed to Bitcoin and Crypto are likey pumping meme coins.
Anything else a blockchain is good for?
Bank of England Used as Bitcoin Advertising Board Stoking Inflationary Fears
How do I keep my BTC safe?
Bitcoins are provably scarce. Diamonds? No so much anymore. The world's largest jeweler to start only selling lab-grown diamonds.
The HYPER-BULLISH Effect: Increase In Long-Term HODLing, Coins Moving To Secure Offline Storage - Leaves SHRINKING Available Supply On Exchanges...
Fack you robinhood
Who is Nakamoto in the end
whats happening
Investments &amp; Trading platform
😊If anyone is interested by a legit ICO (Merchant Token) I'll be glad to help them buy MTO step by step. 😊
TikToker Creates Joke ‘SCAM’ Coin – and People Are Buying it in Droves
Wallet fees, gobsmacked
Sotheby’s to accept bitcoin and ether for an upcoming auction of a Banksy painting - Sotheby’s announced Tuesday it will accept bitcoin and ether in an upcoming auction of Banksy’s “Love is in The Air.”
BTC vs ETH
Explaining the Lightning Network So Even A 10 Year-Old Can Understand It
I'm all in the Doge, the stonk market can kiss my ass as far as I'm concerned.
Your not left behind, it's still early, own your bitcoin, futures can be manipulated.
eBay could soon accept cryptocurrency payments
$170 gift to top 3 players on minesweeper.
Hi blockchain hacked
May The 4th: Star Wars Collectibles Now as NFTs
what can y’all come up with? #thenewfuture
🚨🚨🚨 THE TRUTH ABOUT MERCHANT TOKEN 🚨🚨🚨
Bitcoin's International Impact with Alex Gladstein
Question: Lightning network and taxes?
Bitcoin is Maximus Aurelius
How many of you feeling left out? I sold all my ETH for bitcoin and lost everything...is BTC dead?
END DAY
The average number of days Bitcoin takes to reach ATH after halving? 420.
Lebanon’s Currency Crisis. Great 8 minute Documentary. Watch this before you ever consider selling Bitcoin for fiat.
First-time Investor
Bitcoin rises 6.8 % to $56,852.03
Need help
Pops just bought btc!!
Bitcoin Loan Timed To CryptoWinter
My lovely wife gave me this as a gift.
Bitcoin energy usage fud is a non-problem
Pi Network - might be big one day.
How to earn 1000 dollars 💵 and how to trade your finances? 💵💹
Can I verify my Coinbase account with my old, out-of-state address?
China controls 65% of bitcoin mining—a remarkable outcome for a country in which bitcoin ownership is officially banned
We already know!
Electric debate between Pierre Rochard &amp; Mike Green — “Can Bitcoin be weaponized by China?”
Bitcoin Will DOMINATE 21st Century - Michael Saylor
I Think I have Enough BTC to get into the Citadel
New to stocks , have some questions!
Mistakes during early BTC transfers / Garbage Collection?
Mercado Libre Embraces Bitcoin Pay – Which its CEO Wrote Off Last Year
Is Nicehash a Scam? I have been running it for weeks and only made &lt;$5
Isn’t it super disturbing to see this distribution?
Leverage Trading and Price Action
XRP I Stand With You - XRP is my Sheperd I shall not want. He maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside decentralisation. He restoreth my wallet: he leadeth me in the paths of cryptocurrency.
so many of you only like bitcoin because it goes up
Today is my Cake Day...for Bitcoin!
A friend bought bitcpin on WealthSimple, a stock trading app...
How does a offline bitcoin wallet from 2010-2012 look like?
New York Giants Ink Sponsorship Deal With Grayscale in NFL First - CoinDesk
Create telegram group with 100k members
Sustentabilidade
Good Read about why governments cant ban Bitcoin
Your Bitcoin price prediction for 2022 (May 5th)
Dumb Question on Taxes
Bitcoin vs Land?
Pending BTC Transaction
Predatory, venture capitalist, billionaire gives another unfounded opinion
Could Bitcoin Deflate the Dollar?!
Can a transaction have too few sat/B and not get sent?
I can't believe I can run a full validating node for a trillion dollar monetary and payment system on this laptop. This is why we don't want bloat on the chain. So everyone can validate
Some interesting calculations
You can now buy real estate with Bitcoin in Latin America with retail giant Mercado Libre (like Latin American Amazon.com)
website?
An important lesson on sat stacking
Is this a Scam?
FIRST LATAM CRYPTO UNICORN: "BITSO" (RAISES 250$ MILLION)
Cold wallets
Sustentabilidade
U.S. court authorizes IRS to seek identities of taxpayers who have used cryptocurrency
Say hello to Ripple, I got him today with $XRP
We’ve all been there…
can someone buy me a beer lol
If it wasn't for Bitcoin, I wouldn't have been able to afford my dad's surgery. Thank you, I love you all &lt;3
Get $10 in btc. Help me out just a 15 year old trying to accumulate more btc😊😊
No federal bank account
I’m quite confused about the whole bug and hold idea, can some people shed some light on it?
Best App to hold BTC and earn APY
Buy a Banksy with Bitcoin - Art world loves Bitcoin
Millionaire
Despite Recent Bitcoin Price Dip ‘Hodlers’ Conviction Remains Strong
Sustentabilidade
Sats will be the standard! (and maybe not fiat food anymore)
POMP!
Bitcoin vs Dogecoin, a thread by Alex Gladstein. (Maybe i can save a fomo yolo n00b with this thread)
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
my dad bought 20 dollars worth of bitcoin years ago from this machine
1 Bitcoin owners in 2030
This scam link nearly got me. They somehow have a username I used from elsewhere years ago.
Hodling Bitcoin but Tempted by Ethereum
✅FREE Cloud Mining - LEGIT / no Scam 0.0000405 BTC/day ✅
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 01 May 2021 Liveshow
How DOGE Could Bring Doom To Crypto Rally
PSA: the actions of binance are best explained by insolvency
prove me wrong, please
Can I sale my BTC wallet to you
click her to access and masterclass what will teach you all thing crypto to get started making money
Bitcoin Core BTC by Blockstream and other government agents and sympathizers.
Remember when the bitcoin time traveler did an AMA and said that DOGE was in the top 10 coins that will remain?
How will Stripe survive if Crypto takes over the world?
Local.bitcoin.com | Buy and Sell Bitcoin Cash with the Peer-to-Peer BCH Marketplace . ;-)
Will Bitcoin crash into a bearmarket in 2022 ?
click her to access and masterclass what will teach you all thing crypto to get started making money
Why You Shouldn’t Be Worried About A Bitcoin Ban
Btc for sale
For sale
I'm 16 and i can't find anywhere where i can begin investing in crypto.
Bitcoin's marketcap dominance is in lowest levels since 2017
Mine bitcoin to save the rainforest?
Bigmoon Token Moon 100x.!
Question: Would the value of BTC go up if everyone transferred off of a buying platform and into cold storage?
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more! Spring SALE!
It is absolutely amazing that I can run a full validating node on a trillion dollar monetary network using this piece of crap.
🔥 ArticFire 🔥 New DeFi Token 🚀
[HELP] COBO VAULT HAS STOPPED Error
Bitcoin energy usage opinions?
Will Bitcoin lose its status once Ethereum switches to Proof of Stake&gt;
Phishing emails
194V6YQMnaPNdD6yPHg69KVBxbX85sJW12
194V6YQMnaPNdD6yPHg69KVBxbX85sJW12
Excellent real time blockchain visualizer - Educate your friends on how this technology works.
XRP Holders Itching for Legal Battle in Protracted Ripple vs SEC War
MercadoLibre adds bitcoin to balance sheet (NASDAQ:MELI)
Free bitcoin pls
How to do taxes from Bitcoin bought at a atm
(1.3 Mil Followers) Bitcoiners riding the Inflation wave!
I’ll buy $1 of btc for every upvote
CNBC: You Don’t Own The Bitcoin You Buy On PayPal
Doesn't this defeat the purpose of bitcoin?
You don’t actually own the bitcoin you buy on PayPal. But you can still make a profit
crypto.com forgot passcode
Lnd full node question
There's nothing that you can't build on Bitcoin
What it feels like being a 2017'er
I am a proud son
"Oh No" ha ha ha ha
Most secure / best wallet to store BTC?
3d printed with nfc tag in it😳 and just put my bitcoin url on the tag
Pi network is a crypto you can mine in your phone for free and only takes seconds of your time. Check it out👇👇👇👇
BTC024: Plan B &amp; Adam Back on Bitcoin Contango &amp; Derivatives
How do you guys avoid commenting on /r/cryptocurrency threads about Bitcoin?
Just bought 0.00098681 bitcoin
Call of Duty passive income Trading Stream 💸💸( minimum 5k Passive income)
Opportunity or trouble?
Trolls.
Mining on a Apple Watch?????
Prioritize transaction with low fee [regtest]
dichiaration
The $1200 Stimulus check invested in bitcoin would be worth over $10,000 now. The $1200 left in a bank account is now worth $1,164.
Goldman Sachs Leads $15 Million Investment Round In Bitcoin Data Provider Coin Metrics
$DLS - Let's bring wealth for everyone🚀🚀🚀
Was I scammed?
Nft
E-Commerce Giant MercadoLibre Discloses $7.8M Bitcoin Buy
Looking for a little bit coin 😛 https://onlyfans.com/laylajean90
Mercado Libre -e commerce company- adding 7.8million dollars in Bitcoin to their balance sheet 👏
Any reason not to trade OTC?
Increasing Crypto DCA allocation
Bitcoin transfer price
TCL about NFT!
Question about central banks and the financial system
This is the newest project of him?
XDC-Powered BlockDegree Shapes the Future of Educational Degree
mine bitcoin
Lol this is fine
Goal
Flow
Bitcoin block with no transactions just mined
New Rule: Crypto Mania! | Real Time with Bill Maher (HBO)
The Crypto Lifestyle- NFTFY changed the NFT
SuperPumper Gas station - Belfield, North Dakota
Every time bitcoin goes down it makes me want to kill myself
No, BTC isn't a problem with energy. Ignorance, and Selfishness is.(P.S. I don't mine or Hold BTC outside of dust)
Courses to teach how to profit from the Internet, as well as how to trade and buy bitcoins, subscribe now
Courses to teach how to profit from the Internet, as well as how to trade and buy bitcoins, subscribe now
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
Fiat Lux: The Origins Of Modern Money
What JPMorgan's New Fund Means for Bitcoin
Dogecoin
Good news for Bitcoin.
Could this be the final rally?
Live update
Might as well go HAM
Crypto meme
Has anyone heard of $BitClout? Check it out! It’s replacing Twitter and Facebook and coming after Reddit...😝
Bitcoin transfer for business purposes cashed out to Fiat by receiver...taxable event for receiver correct???
ETC is going through the roof
Did my mom just get robbed off coinbase
ElonGate is the new Bitcoin - the next phase of crypto is entry into developing countries to bring them out of poverty and to aid in philanthropy. Change my mind.
5 million
Crypto being funny today
Is there any actually good places to p2p Bitcoin with prepaid/gift cards. Paxful is full of scammers.
Tesla purchase logistics - question
Best / most secure non-hardware wallet?
Found this on Twitter 😂
Is my brother lying to us?
Thats why they Breakup
bypass phone verification with fake phone numbers
I bought actual bitcoin on Coinbase using PayPal's pseudo-crypto promotion
Nerd Life
Can't Withdraw To Your Own Wallet? It's Not Your Bitcoin
Where can I get an accurate number of the active full nodes?
New York wants to halt Bitcoin mining until its environmental impact is assessed
In a Bitcoin bull market, dips are made for stacking!
Cheap ICO/IDO/IEO Platform?
Selling on wallet?
Bitcoin Gets Massive 4 Year Upgrade as they prepare for Taproot Activation
In Bitcoin Space’s Largest-Ever Deal, Galaxy Digital Will Buy BitGo For $1.2 Billion
Bitcoin Miners signal for Taproot Activation
Binance withdrawal
Free Business Training - earn money in 6 figures
Full node activated
What could possibly crash crypto?
🚀🔴 the first blockchain built for enterprise adoption 🔴🚀
Handcrafted Figures
You wonder why many people do not embrace bitcoin and stick to fiat and banks? For the same reason you stay just on Bitcoin and call all the other cryptocurrencies shitcoins.
anyone have a link to the original Ivan quote 'Bitcoin will be pump'?
Hey, New phone question with Coinbase
If you spend Bitcoin on NewEgg, do they report that to the IRS?
The only thing that anyone needs to know about Bitcoin in relation to the USD is this:
Watching the bull run on my new desktop ticker
What is the smallest amount of BitCoin you've seen processed, and what was the transaction fee
I sold my __________ so I can stack more sats!
Hundreds of US banks to allow Bitcoin trades: report
Gold (or Silver) vs BTC
The good news keeps on rolling in…
I always hear many investors saying invest in Coinverofinance I thought it was a joke until I make my first investment with a lower amount of money and I make a big profit and this is my 4th withdrawal proof
Gary Gansler and crypto mom (Hester Pierce) speaking to the GOV tomorrow regarding Bitcoin/ cryptocurrency. Very bullish
Coinbase v Robinhood
The Bitcoin Revolution Would Be Meaningless Without the Preservation of These 5 Key Values
Crypto investment manager NYDIG will help U.S. banks offer their clients Bitcoin-enabled services.
Why Local Governments Need Bitcoin Now | Will Reeves Clip
18,700,000 btc mined
The Bitcoin Standard
Bitcoin or crypto investors how much did you put in before you got rich?
Bitcoin Coming to US Banks, Grayscale Giants, Blockchain.com Gets AI + More News
Is Crypto.com down or Wht ???1:17 ECT 05-05-21
Serious discussion: whats your Bitcoin price target for 2021? Plus, how will you reward yourself when it hits?
Installieren Sie den CryptoTab-Browser und verdienen Sie zusätzlich Geld, indem Sie ihn ganz normal verwenden. Während Sie wie üblich YouTube-Videos aufrufen, die Nachrichten lesen oder soziale Netzwerke nutzen, können Sie echte Bitcoins verdienen.
Looking for guidance on venturing into cryptocurrency
£20 a week starting now?
BTC Price......Just a reminder KeeoOn --- H O D L n
Grayscale Enters NFL Becoming New York Giants Sponsor
Chia Coin will be the Next Bitcoin? All About Chia Project
Grayscale Investments® and New York Giants Announce Official Partnership
Everything is good for Bitcoin, even the haters and nonbelievers!
What is meant by the term 'economic node'?
Evolution in all aspects.
Bitcoin explained in 3 minutes
World Coin
WIN $200 AMAZON GIFT CARD FOR FREE.
💎SIMP COIN 💎- Stealth Launched GEM $18k MARKETCAP 🔥100+ Holder🔥 100% LP Locked 💎 Launched 1 dayago 💎 Ownership renounced 📷
Did you know that Bitcoin dominance is down to less than 47% from 70% at the beginning of the year?
Daily Bitcoin News May 4th, 2021
Any recommendations for BTC discord communities for trading?
Guys we need to share the rumor that banks are buying bitcoin xD This plan is savage
USDT OMNI issue
B-Datagray launch and airdrop
Why do you invest in Crypto? Yes of course for money…but why? I am looking for the emotional answers. The real deep down reasons. A great story!
If you're having a bad day, then watch this
Grayscale rocket ship
Should we prepare for the worst case scenarios?
Heres a crypto community without hate
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, May 05, 2021
Harvard Business Review: How Much Energy Does Bitcoin Actually Consume?
(x-post) NY Giants, Grayscale Investments announce first cryptocurrency partnership of an NFL team
Banks Pursue Bitcoin for Consumers After Losing Billions in Deposits to Cryptocurrency Exchanges
should i bother now or is it too late?
Principle of Animation
Hardware wallet not made in China?
Revoult business- sending out survey to gauge interest in cryptocurrency
WHO’S A BUSINESS OWNER THAT ACCEPTS BITCOIN?
Anyone notice how the Price of ETC on Robinhood is 97. While at the same time it’s 115? I was also immediately down 15% when I bought Doge and ETC. Anyone else having these issues w Robinhood?
Crypto: BitGo Sells For $1.2B In Cash, Stock To Galaxy Digital
Best crypto trading course ?
Big news for the whole space: Bitcoin is coming to hundreds of U.S. banks this year allowing customers to buy, hold, and sell bitcoin, says bitcoin custody firm NYDIG - source: CNBC
Kevin O'Leary calls Crypto "Blood Coin"
dCanvas Opens its Limited Allocation of 256 NFTs to The Public
Dogecoin
Convert a large amount of cash into crypto
I got this Dm
40% of Surveyed Individuals Plan to Use Crypto Within a Year – Mastercard
Bitcoin or DOGE)
The average brain size of a Bitcoin HODLer
An analogy that just popped into my head
Is the 80% inevitable to Bitcoin behavior or was it always coincidental?
Luke dashjr "If they become the economic majority they can overrule everyone else"
Any whales wanna make my day?
If you spend Bitcoin on NewEgg, do they report that to the IRS?
No Take Backsies
THIS IS HOW WE LOVE IT! Green is everywhere. Looks like USA woke up. Good morning to your too my American Fellows!
'They want to win': Australia's richest families are buying up cryptocurrency as digital assets boom
People who discovered about bitcoin early, how did you find out?
Ethereal Virtual Summit 2021 - May 6 &amp; 7 - anyone going?
NYDIG: Bitcoin Is Coming To Hundreds Of U.S. Banks This Year
NEW VIDEO TCL CREW !!!!!!
Question / advice
A sad and completely unnecessary situation. NOT YOUR KEYS NOT YOUR CHEESE.
This is a gooder
Social experiment....asking for Bitcoin.
Help
Bitcoin Beach is driving a global fundraiser to build a surf and community center in honor of Kathy Díaz, a member of the national surf team who was struck and killed by lightning. Bitcoin Magazine will be donating $25,000 to this initiative.
Grayscale Signs Sponsorship with NFL’s New York Giants
Gary Vee launches VeeFriends.com
Bitcoin Family Cryptocurrency Course https://www.myinformationforyou.site/2021/05/bitcoin.html
I feel like BTC is not worth it for buying small quantities.
Why are paper wallets out of favour?
Mods
Selling on wallet?
Elderly folks and BTC
You are going to hear about a Bill on a Moratorium on Crypto Mining in New York State. If you talk to the press, please get the facts strait. We need to push back.
Tales from the Crypt: Citadel Dispatch e0.2.0 - the liquid network, bisq, and bitcoin privacy with Adam Back and Wiz
Many Banks to Allow Bitcoin Purchase
Bit Digital Brings 5,679 Bitcoin Miners, 280 PH/s To Foundry USA Pool
In Bitcoin Space’s Largest-Ever Deal, Galaxy Digital Will Buy BitGo For $1.2 Billion
Is it the new Bitcoin
"Flipping"
I put all my eggs in one basket
Hundreds of Banks in US to Allow Customers to Buy, Sell, Hold Bitcoin Through Existing Bank Accounts
Crypto: Lat-Am Exchange Bitso Raises Big Funds, Valued At $2.2B
three websites to earn some free crypto
END DAY
24 club
I have seen the error of my ways. Always buy, never sell...
what happens if the miner doesn't put his reward for creating the block?
what happens if the miner doesn't put his reward for creating the block?
“BiTcOiN iSn’T StAbLe EnOuGh tO bE a ReAL cUrReNcy” [$55k last 30+ days]
BiTcOiN iSn’T StAbLe EnOuGh tO bE a ReAL cUrReNcy [$55k last 30+ days]
Bitcoin Technical Analysis
Bitcoin Audible: Read_524 - The 7 Primal Elements of Bitcoin [Paulo Sacramento]
Dodge Defi tokens 10,000 free airdrop All you have to do is authenticate your email. https://dogedefi.org/i/RE9HRTMxNDY4MTY=
Safest non-hardware wallet for receiving and storing $30,000+ BTC?
What is a crypto winter and will bitcoin and other cryptos survive?
Help fund my bitcoin wallet experiment
These bitcoin confession stories are getting weird
My favorite FUD
Bitcoin Price
me on bitcoin when it hits 60k then 55k then 48 k
Please help me
421,420 is our new target
Please i need help
🎧New LOFI coin - if your hodling at least do it with some lofi beats🎧
Found a BItcoin Teller Machine in a remote gas station in WV mountains. For reference, you won’t find cell phone coverage for 20 mile radius.
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.05.03
Www.vpmarketsglobal.com. Scam?
I need some help
I need help
I wanna turn my .008 btc in cash can anyone help me
Crypto store!
Is it too late to join the BTC bandwagon?
Bitcoin Smart Watch Face
Bitcoin
This is why BTC will thrive and fiat will fail
Binance
Should this even be legal
Previous post was removed because the display showed Altcoins, so here is a fixed version of the video. This is what my wife gave me :)
Metromile insurance now accepts Bitcoin for premiums and for claim payments
Looking to trade 460$ in bitcoin for $400 in cashapp
Total Cryptocurrency Market Cap Sets New All-Time High
Please who can help me with $100 btc right now? I’ll pay you via Zelle or whatever means of payment you have. Please hit me up, I need it ASAP
How do blockchain know if you're under 18?
Carbono negativo
Seeing articles like this let's me know it is still very early.
Free $15
this tool will help you recover your lost funds in investment sites, helps you spend non spendable funds in blockchain, helps you spend funds from watch only addresses, this software works just to provide the privatekey of bitcoin addresses.+1409292‑3528 https://www.fastbitcoinrecovery.com/
this tool will help you recover your lost funds in investment sites, helps you spend non spendable funds in blockchain, helps you spend funds from watch only addresses, this software works just to provide the privatekey of bitcoin addresses.+1409292‑3528 https://www.fastbitcoinrecovery.com/
Bitcoin is like a high stall torque converter
SatsTag username and Bitcoin/Crypto questions
Bitcoin Price Prediction, May 2021: BTC Ready to Crash Lower, Potential 30%+ Drop
Dont miss this project.
free cypto
Global USD
The Economist: Government Issued Digital Currency
bitcoin versus gold in a pandemic
How many bitcoins is this worth
Bought in at big @ 16k and ever since have been scraping together everything I can to continue buying. My wife thinks it’s ridiculous and far too risky, thinks I should sell, etc - threatened to divorce me if this doesn’t work out..wtf am I supposed to think about this?
The future of Bitcoin
*THIS QUESTION IS BEING CENSORED* This question is censored on r/cryptocurrency - What happens if bitcoin makes countries like North Korea untold wealth?
Not recieving Ethereum at trust wallet
What are some good Bitcoin nodes to use?
*THIS QUESTION IS BEING CENSORED* This question is censored on r/cryptocurrent - What happens if bitcoin makes countries like North Korea untold wealth?
Carbono e blockchain
Keep your eyes on the prize 🚀👀🧙‍♂️📈
US Dollar Share of Global Foreign Exchange Reserves Drops to 25-Year Low
PumpDAO and GAINS token reviews
Is this coin/exchange a scam? (BDMProtocol)
Trading
Soo many people are in denial about inflation. If you asked them 2 years ago "hey if one day the fed randomly decided to print 10 trillion dollars, that would cause hyperinflation, right" everyone would agree. But when it actually happens, 90% of people come up with some excuse as to why nah not....
HODL to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
We created a DOGE meme nft exchange platform. Come join our beta and contribute content to earn doge!
Staking question (coinbase)
IRS AND KRAKEN.
I saw this interview with Michael Saylor today. It was really eye opening as he explained the actual inflation rate since March 2020 and how to stay ahead with Bitcoin. Inflation Is not CPI.
disappointing
Bitcoin Adoption
all of them about the bitcoiin not iran
I put together a selection of my favorite Bitcoin books
Carbono negativo
Question about taxes.
anyone recognizes bitcoins current pattern ?
This Bitcoin mention in a 2017 textbook
New crypto road to 100k video
Buy Bitcoin cash! Let’s shoot to the moon!!
Hypothetical Question
“Blockchain is not decentralized” - Roman Leventov What are you throughts about this article and the claims?
*PROOF* DOGECOIN PRICE WILL REACH $10
Is my only option to wait for Texas to license Binance.us?
Anyone intrested in jumping ship?
5 Ways to Buy Bitcoin with PayPal Instantly (2021)
1 view = 1 satoshi passive income
Exodus?
Coinbase network fee different than what ledger shows on withdraw
Screwed up a year ago - how to stop thinking about missed BTC?
What crypto app / site can I use if my bank is PNC
Welcome to the most profitable platform and best bitcoin trading📈📊. Our passion is to help you reach your goal👍 in 6hours of your enrolling with our investment plan📈📉 to change your financial status for better💯% With bitcoin everything is possible💯%💯% 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇 https://t.me/joinchat
Lyn Alden Bitcoin Best Strategy Against Inflation (Bitcoin News)
Save One For Me
Are there ways to see how charts looked on specific days years back for btc?
A Guide To Investing.
Just traded a half ounce for fiat. What should I spend my fiat on? Taking suggestions, LOL. (My cost basis is now ~68 200 CAD). Ready to run!
I agree woth Michael, getting paid in bitcoins from the insurance companies would be much better
Question about selling bitcoins
Hashrates I see on the internet are based on Bitcoin..Can I mine Safemoon?
Investing in Bitcoin
Another leg up for bitcoin is not expected anymore, which is why it’ll likely happen
Bitcoin: Solving The Elusive Monetary Problem
Should I sell or Trade my crypto for stable coin or BTC/ETH?
Cardano: Kraken Launches ADA Staking, $2 Next Price Target?
Sorry Iran, No clean blocks for you
MoonMakerProtocol($MMP)[LaunchPadForHighGrowthTokens][First WARRANTTOKEN in Cryptoworld][$20M Marketcap][6 Days/Old][Poocoin TOP Trending RANK 3][5000 Holder][Have ANTI-WHALE System][Fairlaunch][100% LP BURN][OwnershipRenounced][LOTTOSYSTEM][WARRANTTOKEN]
I got you bros, 24\7/365.
"Marathon Digital says its bitcoin mining follows anti-money laundering standards." Did you know that the US government can mark your keys as "tainted"... I'll put the actual site in the comments, but this has to do with the coins being marked as dirty.
Check out my cryptocurrency portfolio
Bitcoin and the Political Economy?
Global Trends 2040 report on « UNCERTAIN FUTURE OF MONEY »
Make money with paid surveys, Register now in the Link Below!
Square Bought 3,318 BTC, Made $3.51 Billion In Bitcoin Revenue In Q1 2021
Mining and mining pools
Where do you think bitcoin is heading by the end of the year?
Bitcoin sent from Cashapp to Bitmart deposit wallet- been stuck for over two weeks
Is it even possible to determine where a particular coin was mined from? Or is he just talking out his ass and trying to make his FOMO look less lame?
What would you do for bitcoin?
Highway robbery
If we try to speak of Bitcoin in iphone terms....what version are we on with Bitcoin?
Square gets a bitcoin boost with revenue up 266%
UFO Sighting in Irvine California.🛸👽😲
BCH is the Bitcoin I signed up for in 2011. You're all being lied to here.
GOD
Understanding the Power Consumption Argument
Some Btc maxis make not want to hold btc - small rant
Cryptocurrency exchange (Atomars) executive disappears with users money
Square reports $3.51 billion in Bitcoin revenue via its Cash app for first quarter of 2021
Is bitcoin just going to become a token that allows rich people to avoid taxes?
Could you just randomly choose words from the bip39 list?
Hello everyone
What happens to miners when all Bitcoin has been mined?
Do you know a good site to buy Bitcoin
Mining Bitcoin
I like cheeese sexy pp
South Korean Gov’t Has ‘Invested USD 44.5m in Crypto Firms Since 2017’
My story - from 2017 to now: How I have learnt to ignore everyday Bitcoin price movement, instead I am now focusing around the 2024 halving. Safe to say Bitcoin will be at least $500,000 in 2025.
How does someone get acces to my blockchain wallet without my knowledge and turns off 2FA and transfers all of my Bitcoin to his adress?(The photo is the persons Bitcoin Adress )Thanks god I only had 20€ in BTC
Do not trust what they say about Bitcoin . You can get hacked doing regular money transactions shopping at Amazon. Miami heat arena was purchased with Bitcoin. Make sure you have legit authentic exchange
OTFUS
What would you do after the crash?
World Coin
Tesla and Elon Musk’s Trading Strategies
Where does Robinhood buy it's crypto from?
Banks are Buying Bitcoin
South Korean Gov’t Has ‘Invested USD 44.5m in Crypto Firms Since 2017’
About Polkaswap- The Crypto Lifestyle
Join us, if you may
A post with ~800 upvotes in 2 hours gets deleted and censored from r/bitcoin
Bitcoin Diamond
Suggestions on where to buy BTC in Philippines?
Bitcoin Long term question
Bad news...
EclipseMC.com
Instawallet - Filing a claim
Moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Shiba Inu Coin next big one!
Goldman Sachs to offer new Bitcoin derivatives to Wall Street investors - Bloqport
💎 $SHRONKS 💎 LAUNCHED TODAY !! - TIKTOKERS &amp; YOUTUBERS TONIGHT 🔥🔥🔥 EASY X100 TODAY!
'Bitcoin to Fiat' still a bit like 'Uber to Taxis'
FACT CHECK: Bitcoin Mining is BAD For The Climate!? 🌎
Coinsquare
I've been trying to get access to my blockchain account. Need advice.
Knight Token Token Moon 100x.!
Polkawswap cross chain DEX is live let's take a peak !
BitfireCoin
bitcoinfire is scam or not?
Iran declares that only Bitcoin mined within the country can be used to transact
NEW ATH THANOS TOKEN!!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Huge Wise token update | WISB on Binance smart chain ?
Will bitcoin ever become stable?
Help me with Coinlist support.
Kimchi Premium on the Rise Again, Can it Pull BTC Out of Consolidation ? Koreans BUYBUYBUY
Did I make the best move?
Thinking about buying this bitcoin rug...or would it make me look like a jackass?
How to Convert BTC to ETH on COinbase Pro
Bitcoin Exchange, Trading BTC USD, BTC EUR - CEX.IO
How to buy bitcoin with paypal non Us
bc1q4kc75y68w05eqp2gmnltsz73cqtxjmq2e5q9xy send ya boy some bitcoin🥺
How much is a 'small amount' of bitcoin to you?
Anyone have any luck mining ? I made 167$ following this guide , https://youtu.be/ViI_ab9hHH0. What else can i do?
Is this website a scam? Has anyone ever heard of bitfirecoin.com?
I wanna start buying BTC
Is bitcoin programming code constantly changed to solve errors? (Question for programmers)
Bitcoin Black v Bitcoin
Meet Listory Listen
What is Bitcoin Taproot and How it will benefit Bitcoin - CoinGyan
RIOT Calls
Cryptobanking
Trading
What is that thing that deletes my post as soon as I post it?
You wonder why many people do not embrace bitcoin and stick to fiat and banks? For the same reason you stay just on Bitcoin and call all the other cryptocurrencies shitcoins.
What legal problems are there with spending bitcoins?
REWARD FOR PASSION
Where/How to buy the new S&amp;P Cryptocurrency Indexes?
START BUYING COINS
Stellar lumens
Bitcoin Price Today - Recap | May 6, 2021 | 5-Min Candlestick Chart
Bitcoin Private key feature.
Why No Pump?
Auto Insurer Metromile to Pay Out Claims in Bitcoin
I will develop profitable bitcoin mining bot, trading bot, forex trade
Never bet against Bitcoin
Investment firm Ten31 has announced it will be supporting Open Sats and Bitcoin Q+A with grant funds sourced from its management fees.
2017 Bitcoin Fork Question
I made a short PSA for pre-coiners. The more we can simplify the message the better.
"The Federal Reserve Payment Proposal" This is incredibly important news. For the first time, the FDIC is removed from the damn blocking role it has played with the FED and Bitcoin and conversion to dollars. Damn. POMP and CAITLIN LONG...
Free food, speakers, an afterparty, and yes, we'll help you get some Bitcoin!
Hello everyone, I'm new
Question about bitcoin wallet..
What does running a non mining node add to the network?
Stimi Check Value: And the winners are #1. Doge #2. Ethereum #3. Bitcoin (I put mine in bitcoin)
Is it possible to peg the value of a blockchain cryptocurrency to the value of an index, f.e. S&amp;P 500? If Tether is pegged to USD and Anchor is pegged to global economy growth, therefore is it possible for a coin to be pegged to S&amp;P 500?
The U.S. mining pool MARA Pool mines its first 'clean' block
miningpool.observer - Transparency for Mining Pool Transaction Selection
Need some advice with Bitcoin transaction time
Diamond ♦️ to moon
How to start making bitcoin?
I'm a professional Bitcoin miner and Expert forex trader, I invest and tutor people on how to trade on forex and bitcoin mining to make profits and also in search of love.
You guys are in an echo chamber
Trend analysis.Trend patterns
South America's Largest E-Commerce Company Adds $7.8M Worth of Bitcoin to its Balance Sheet
Is there tax after cashing out bitcoin?
Marathon has mined a Bitcoin block deemed fully compliant with U.S. regulations, effectively censoring transactions in the process
The No Cap Invest guide to DeFi
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
I finally understand.
Finding ERC20 tokens?
My thoughts on “Bitcoin is bad for the environment”
Michael Saylor DESTROYS comedian Bill Maher about Bitcoin
LOCKED OUT OF 500 BITCOIN PLEASE HELP!
Bitcoin Defi Sovryn trading volume doubles in a day
Auto Insurer Metromile to Pay Out Claims in Bitcoin
A Tor-Only Bitcoin &amp; Lightning Guide
Nokia announces blockchain-powered data marketplace
I've decided to take a shot and write an article gathering everything I have learned about the history of money, the failures of fiat, and Bitcoin over the past 4 years. Inspired by the works of Saifedean Ammous, Nik Bhatia, and more.
Scam site for bitcoin and others?
Capitalism - No, Decentralism - Yes
With all the Bitcoin mining energy-waste FUD as of late, this Coinbureau video is a breath of fresh air
Rep. Brad Sherman (CA) in opening statement of GameStop hearing says, "Cryptocurrencies, if they succeed, will have unique appeal to only two groups: narcoterrorists and tax evaders."
Invest in yourself today for a better tomorrow 🏅
Taproot dead?
With all the bitcoin mining energy FUD as of late, this is breath if fresh air. Coinbureau video
I’m new to cryptocurrency
Let’s go fellow dogers!
Is "Not Your Keys, Not Your Crypto" Overrated?
Can anyone help I bought Bitcoin on uphold through bank transfer and it is not showing nearly 10 hours later
Crypto Brief - May 6th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
This is weird
Portfolio Advice
Elon Musk claimed the first flight of Falcon 9's ! Latest News 2021
Like It or Not, Bitcoin Is Our Best Hope for a Better World in the Future
Paragon Finance
Automatic trading
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
Paragon Finance
Bitcoin nearing all time low market cap %
Automatic trading robot ￼
Earn money for crypto by taking part at surveys
Is there any way to accept bitcoin payments on Soundcloud?
BESTY AMD RYZEN 33200G DESKTOP PROCCESSOR REVIEW ~ Best Review Supplier
Crypto taxes for institutional accounts
#Bitcoin #dogecoin #Pennystocks #pennystockstobuy #redditstocks #dogecoins #reddittraders $AABB I work on Wall Street. There saying Buy in today $AABB this will never be this Cheap again in a few months this will hit $5.00 This will be Chinas New Crypto, TARGET PRICE $5.00 LONG WILL HIT $10.00 by
Debt Collection and Bitcoin
i think we're here guys and gals
Daily Bitcoin News May 5, 2021
Bitcoin Network Status Update Thursday, May 06, 2021
Bitcoin could actually easily be a DEFLATIONARY asset, as in, its available quantity is DECREASING day after day. Heres my maths to prove it:
Join Robinhood and invest in Dogecoin, ethereum Bitcoin or any of your liking
I Love How Michael Saylor Explains Bitcoin! 🙏
Cue Max Keiser Rant
Coinbase Transparency Report Shows U.S. Leads Way In Bitcoin User Data Monitoring
Michael J. Saylor Has Some Insane Future Predictions for Bitcoin.
Resources for Developing Smart Contracts
Metromile Goes Extra Mile With BTC, Crypto Investor Protection + More News
How do you steal Bitcoin in 2021?
I’m new on here
$BEWA token is next 🚀
Doing some forward thinking
'Bitcoin Must Be Private By Design': Edward Snowden
Institutions have added over $90 billion of Bitcoin to their holdings so far in 2021
!Warning! Don't send any bitcoin to someone you don't know!
NFTs through the eyes of a maximalist
For Those New To BTC Here Is Researcher Paul Sztorc On How Bitcoin Can Really Replace Physical Money And Impact Finance, Politcs, and Beyond
Merchant Token (MTO)- HIPS' Payment Protocol Token Currently Still in ICO Stage. New Ethereum Based Token and DeFi Protocol Enabling Crypto Payments on POS Devices. Supports Ethereum and Solana.
Best advice for those who are gonna buy BTC... Cryptocurrency can have a big impact on finances in the up coming years and it is the very best time to purchase.. dont me late to mark your impact in crypto world..
Is Telcoin worth buying and will it reach 1$ ?
where can i store my bitcoin safely
Legend Norm Macdonald speaking the truth at the Bill Clinton roast
Paxfull
How bitcoin manages block validation after rule changes ?
Nasdaq-listed insurer Metromile plans $10M Bitcoin purchase
A Lamborghini Has Been Purchased With Bitcoin; Facilitated by Zipmex
How to Protect Your Watch with Blockchain Technology
Request network will be the next coin to pump. (Req) trading at .14 cents
Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #147
1
With $1M Worth of Funding, KnitFinance Charges Ahead to Unlock Trillion Dollar Market in DeFi
END DAY
Question
Trying to recover Bitcoin
Top 3 Gainer Coins the last 24 hours [May 8th 2021]
Crypto Gambling with Stellar - Now on 1xBit
Anyone looking to support my biz here is all things Bitcoin and more! Please feel free to share!
Serious Question: Will Bitcoin Ever Transition to Proof-of-Stake?
This government needs to become decentralized (like BTC) otherwise it's headed in the same direction as Nazi Germany.
Joe Biden’s Ambitious Plan to Audit the Filthy Rich (aka never KYC and avoid civil asset forfeiture of your bitcoin - they're coming)
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
I'm building bitcoin core development folders on my MacBook Air M1. I'm having problems creating a Bitcoin Xcode project. Perhaps that is not necessary, but I really want to study the hierarchy of classes. Perhaps the documentation already exists. Please point me in the right direction.
Lets make Bitcoin &amp; crypto mainstream globally!
Exchanges send IRS a tax form if you exceed $20k and 200 transactions. Does exchanging BTC to USDT count towards those 200 transactions?
Bank of England Governor says Bitcoin investors will "lose all their money". Is this guy jealous or what? So obvious that he wishes he bought Bitcoin early. Do you agree?
why wasn't bitcoin taken over by dishonest nodes early in its history
Favorite dog coin
Mothers Day doge Gift giveaway
Knowledge. Michael Saylor. By the way.
is it safe to open an old bitcoin wallet?
I finally got that "call" today.
Fios da moda
Bitcoin’s Realized Capitalization
Bittr is Back. SEPA Service for Automatic DCA Buying in Europe.
Bitcoin emissions alone could push global warming above 2°C
Probably no legal stand point but useless taxation question all the same.
Found old recovery phrase and password - can I get my bitcoin back
Seen at my local Lucky’s. Mass adoption is happening.
They told me to get a real job. Now they're asking me for one.
Lamar ROASTS You For Investing In Bitcoin👁👄👁
Join my telegram to mine btc
HODL
Citizen Bitcoin: William Clemente III: Data-Backed Bullishness - E121
Who is lost here or don't understand what bitcoin investment or trading is?
Arizona BTC
We are near the end of early adoption
Fios da moda
What is the best platform to invest on for a somewhat beginner investor?
New way of getting bitcoin
How would you hide a "cold wallet" (such as a Ledger or Trezor) if you have roommates?
Some people (idiots) still see us this way.
Elon snl tease
Why is that many ecommerce websites do not accept bitcoin?
🐕
Looking for crypto writers
Bitcoin will be over $1.2 million in 5 years
Looking for crypto post writers
Anyone knows about a cracked Blockchain Wallet?
Williams Carmona, HGcontemporary, 2021
I need to loan $1000, I can pay you back 1400$ over monthly payments
Fios da moda
Fun fact about ATH.
BTC Fees really high?
Cash for BTC? Location United States... dm me if interested.
BIG NEWS FLASH | 3/04/43
DogeCoin
How to convert BTCB(bitcoin bep2) to BTC
Bitcoin &amp; Elon Oil Painting Masterpiece by Williams Carmona and HGcontemporary
Has anyone heard of Actycoin.com? I wasnt sure if this was a legit wallet or a site trying to scam people?
Is it possible to buy BTC as a minor in Germany ?
🔥Pre-sale ICO Phase 105/120 – Last days +54% secured 🔥
Cryptocurrency investors should be prepared to lose all their money, Bank of England governor says
Best Crypto Wallet App for iOS with Mac/Windows Sync ?
Marathon Miners Have Started Censoring Bitcoin Transactions
As cryptocurrency sponsor Elon Musk appears on 'SNL,' Dogecoin is in the spotlight.
Bitcoin the next revolution in the world of investment tech
We're Living In A Time We Can Basically Predict Future Fortune-Like Paydays &amp; Lottery-Style Payouts
Bank of Japan Identifies DeFi Pros &amp; Cons, Mentions Uniswap, Yield Farming
Trading sideways
This is the newest project of him?
Masterpiece Bitcoin &amp; Elon Oil Painting by Williams Carmona. IG: @hgcontemporary
GLITCHES in Bitcoin Dominance
This is the newest project of him?
The Email That Started it All!
🍀 💰 LET'S GET THIS UP TO BRK.A LEVELS PLEASE 🍀 💰
Fiat is money you need to work for. Bitcoin is money which works for you. Its a no brainer.
The Big Dogs — Bitcoin And Ethereum — Still Lead The Pack
An interesting read.
Begginer Questions.
On the 6/3/2021 Im going to sell my first statoshis and pay for a BTC tatoo to celebrate, opinions and ideas?
Dogecoin is trending opposite to Bitcoin
The Future
Hashing algorithm
TheSunExchange where you can earn bitcoin while investing in solar
Doge to the Moon!! Elon take us there! Support the Journey! SNL TOMORROW!!
Pactswap
Blackjackdefi X RUGBUSTER!
Ray Dalio: “Bitcoin is a bubble”. Ray Dalio’s CFO: “I’m leaving you for a #Bitcoin company”
Can anyone tell me who to invest on very new to this game and looking a bit of guidance lol
Could someone please explain why I should look at XYZ/BTC charts instead of XYZ/USDT?
How I no longer dominate BTC in USD.
Whats next?
New airdrop you can win 1000$ dollars
I’m using CryptoTab Browser to surf the web and get income — and I encourage you to do the same! With CryptoTab you can earn BTC just by visiting favourite sites, watching YouTube and so on. It’s based on Chromium, so it’s fast, reliable and familiar. What’s not to like??
Fill in the blank... "Get the ____ out of my way."
"... and behold, a fourth beast, dreadful and terrifying and extremely strong; and it had large iron teeth. It devoured and crushed and trampled down the remainder with its feet; and it was different from all the beasts that were before it, and it had ten horns. " Daniel 7:3-7
A hacked SNL account scamming users under elon musk tweet; and ask them to send bitcoin to an account.
"... and behold, a fourth beast, dreadful and terrifying and extremely strong; and it had large iron teeth. It devoured and crushed and trampled down the remainder with its feet; and it was different from all the beasts that were before it, and it had ten horns. " Daniel 7:3-7
🤑FREE SOFTWARE DOWNLOAD🤑how to get bitcoins for free 2021
Whatweholdnext • r/Whatweholdnext
Double check address before sending BTC
Citi Bank Mulls Rolling Out Bitcoin Trading and Custodial Services
https://stendex.net/p198435/
https://cryptotabbrowser.com/22409869. ✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️✌️💎💎💎💎
SHIBA INU Pronunced by Elon Musk
Leggero, veloce e pronto per il mining!
How do I buy bitcoin if not 18?
Bitcoin mining already consumes more energy than Argentina
Free SATS
Bitcoin’s Price Pumps As Coinbase Bleeds Out 12,000 BTC
Installieren Sie den CryptoTab-Browser und verdienen Sie zusätzlich Geld, indem Sie ihn ganz normal verwenden. Während Sie wie üblich YouTube-Videos aufrufen, die Nachrichten lesen oder soziale Netzwerke nutzen, können Sie echte Bitcoins verdienen.
Scan to get $50 in your btc wallet. Here goes to the lucky one
When the STOCK MARKET closes but you trade crypto
BTC much sexy
ON YOUR MOBILE
Interesting to hear Robert Kiyosaki's take on Bitcoin. Seems like he is still very bullish on Gold and Silver. But hey, at least he owns Bitcoin too!
Why is everyone getting banned so easily from this subreddit? Seems like everywhere on Reddit is talking about the overt censorship in here.
Who’s here to learn about blockchain? 🤓
🦍 HarambeCoin ($APE) 🦍 - Just launched - 100% Community owned - Sub 100 Holders 🍌 Moonshot Potential 100x 🍌
My lightning node set up!
Those guys didn’t know they won the lottery
How Bitcoin Changes Our Perception Of Money
Someone please help 🥺🙏🏼
BitCorn has a Fibrous Root. The upcoming BitCarrot soft-fork will cross breed corn &amp; carrots to grow BitCoin a Taproot 🧑‍🌾
Goldman Sachs' latest quarterly earnings call states how 14 different financial institutions are making their foray into cryptocurrency, and Bitcoin is named a few times. (Scroll way down to the section titled "Emerging Theme: Cryptocurrency")
How The HODL Meme Reveals The Truth About Bitcoin
Investing in Bitcoin 200
Defi on Bitcoin Soars as RSK Total Value Locked Crosses 1.445K BTC
CFO of largest hedge fund in the world (Bridgwater Associates) quits to join Bitcoin firm
Anyway to withdraw instantly? Need to pay for an emergency that came up
CFO of largest hedge fund in the world (Bridgwater and associates) quits to join Bitcoin firm
Contact Mod
Mod Question
Tracing a transaction / receiver of BTC
Bitcoin Conference/After Party Tickets for sale
Bitcoin's 86 Whale Addresses Holding at Least 10,000 BTC Have Accumulated 120,000 More BTC in the Past Month
Bitcoin Conference/After Party Tickets for sale
I can't decide who's opinion to trust: Bill Maher or Michael Saylor
DeFi on Bitcoin surging spearheaded by RSK with Total Value Locked above 1.3K BTC - Coindesk News
Bitcoin Conference/After Party Tickets for sale
Bitcoin Conference/After Party Tickets for sale
Has the Moment of Truth Arrived for Bitcoin?
Andrew Yang and the Crypto People behind him as Mayor of New York. [Open Discussion.]
In Mexico, a 77 year-old woman lost her life savings due to bank negligence. Bitcoin fixes this
The next big crypto
What happened to abcpool?
I'm still practising this piece and I needed to make a semi-serious video xD very quickly ! Let's have some sort of peaceful discussion/debate in the comment section! Of course do not take literally what you see in the video xD
You got a god roll Deathshield? Pffff! Look at my Flores CryoSuit!
Yu got a god roll Deathshield? Pffff! Look at my Flores CryoSuit!
$GLD $SLV $GOLD $GLD.X BUY $AABB its .16 cents TARGET PRICE $5.00 BY END OF MONTH, COIN IS BACKED UP BY GOLD !!=$$$$$$$ BIG MONEY HEADED HERE BUY $AABB
What is the best way to buy a large amount of bitcoin?
What is the best way to buy $10,000 USD+ of bitcoin?
Best cryptocurrency platform for beginners?
Four ways that I am using stablecoins to earn yield
Centerra Gold (CGAU or CG.to) is down almost 30% today
Super newbie, super confused
Aren’t mining pools centralizing power over network?
Pontem Network is Fake Defi Project!
Bitcoin gets Wall Street's attention. But its power lies in aiding oppressed peoples
34% of US Personal Income is made up by Government Transfer payments - this is why we need Bitcoin
Need answers
Unmasking the London Bitcoin Projectionist Covering City with BTC Slogans
I Understand What The Value Of Bitcoin Is, But Not Why - Or Why It's Good For Our Future. ELI5 Please.
Global Bitcoin Spam :)
BitcoLoan düşük risk yüksek kazanç için buyrun üye olun ayrıca bu linkten üye olup görevleri tamamlarsanız token kazanırsınız en kısa zamanda borsada işlem görecek link; https://bitcoloan.asia?ref=361351&amp;utm_source=referral_share
Can you believe it has been almost a full year since the last halving!
Earn Bitcoin while you browse
End of may.
Comparing Bitcoin’s Last Halving Cycle to Today
Bitcoin, Like Uber, Is ‘Too Big to Regulate’: Miami Mayor
Gaining Momentum — BTC
Newbie to all the smartasses out there
Daily Bitcoin News May 6th, 2021
State Street Launches Bitcoin Indicator To Quantify Media Sentiment
Bitcoin Hackable by Large Quantum Computer
Is it just me, but isn't this all false? This is the complete opposite of what we preach.
We are so fucking close to liftoff. Nothing else to say.
Taking a loan for 10 S19J Pro 100T at 8650 for Oct arrival, talk me into or out of it
High Leverage in the Crypto Marketplace
Banks using crypto , infringe on anonymity crypto provides ?
Bitcoin ATMs: Beginner's Guide
Bitcoin Meme projected on Bank of England Building! https://botsfolio.com/cryptocurrency-news/bitcoin-meme-projected-on-bank-of-England-building/
Need some help understanding history of bitcoin
WHAT IS BITCOIN AND HOW ITS WORK | 2021 #BITCOIN EXPLAINED LATEST
Who else believes?
How Taproot will benefit hardware wallets
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
In three months we’ve seen this cycle three times... is this the launch pad again?? 🚀
Litcoin and Bitcoin investment in 2017
Goldman Sachs internal memo unveils new cryptocurrency trading team
Founding fathers knew this would happen
SEC Chairman Gary Gensler recently recognized bitcoin’s value but called for greater investor protection through increased regulation.
When the CFO of Bridgewater leaves to go work for a Bitcoin company, it's over. Congratulations. You won!
When the CFO of bridgewater is bouncing to go work for a crypto company... it's over. Congratulations! you won
The mainstream media are completely delusional.
Crypto friendly mortgage lenders in illinois ?
Thinking about selling GBTC for actual BTC thoughts?
Bitcoins No Longer Practical
Printing money is stealing from the poor
#SAFEMOON BILLBOARDS SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA, organized by Kevin Cardona
It’s going up “FOREVER Laura”
Has anyone made a transfer from BlockFi to Coinbase Pro to know what the standard fees would be?
BTC sent to an ETH address
Greyscale Ethereum Classic trading at 50 percent to NAV
Pontem Network is a FAKE DEFI project who gets the rich richer!
Will Bitcoin Price Crash in the Future? Here Are 3 Reasons Why I Don’t Care (and You Should Too)
Storing Seed in Safe Deposit Boxes at Bank
Cryptocurrency investors should be prepared to lose all their money, Bank of England governor says (typical naysayer news)
Coinbase Withdrawal
Grayscale Bitcoin
BTC time!
Turkish Government Requiring Exchanges To Report Bitcoin Trades Over $1,200
You know what to do….
Number of XRP Whales Holding 10M Coins Increased by 3.5% in Q1 2021
Their is a website called: Mining-Forever. Its a really good bitcoin miner (For Free) Link Below.
1 BITCOIN FOR MY PUBG MOBILE ACCOUNT
Michael Saylor on Bitcoin in Business, with Nomad Capitalist 'Go where you're treated best!'
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, May 07, 2021
Earn Bitcoin Call of Duty: Warzone tournaments this weekend and next week!⚡
Shiba just keeps going! 🚀🚀🚀💰💰💰
Portfolio Allocation
PUMP 🦇BatMoon🦇- New Token that will take you to the moon! [0mil market cap] [0days old] Giveaway day 1
Got this beauty for 1 dollar online
Transferred from 1 wallet to another and it seems to have double spent
I fell for a Crypto Scam. Any chance of getting my money back?
Getting a business loan with 20 BTC collateral. hypothetically.
Best time to buy Bitcoin?
How to invest
Pi Network(Mine crypto on your phone!)
The fact we need to learn is, what did you do at 2008 when bitcoin is not up to 1$
Portfolio allocation?
Storing Seed in Safe Deposit Box at Bank?
Crypto Brief - May 7th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
CFO Of World’s Largest Hedge Fund Joins NYDIG To Focus On Bitcoin
ADVICE
Bitcoin diamond will be $1
Found a paper wallet with a mnemonic (24 words)... 1 BTC! but how do I transfer it? 1% reward!
Watch latest cryptocurrency news !!!
Bitcoin Cash BCH Bitcoin Cash Price Prediction 2021 [May] - Bitcoin Cash...
hello redditors - let me introduce PRYZtoken brand new to the crypto space
Revuto Token Sale
Interview: Foundry’s Mike Colyer On Bitcoin Mining In North America
Something I have been trying to better understand lately is how will Bitcoin scale. I found this interview and it was super helpful. I'm sure a lot of people here will find this helpful too.
Ok, so everyone know that there will be 21M BTC, but what happens when BTC is burned and supply decreases? How much can the price go up ? Now just mwBTC has these protocols, but in the distant future if more similar protocols are developed, do you think it can end the supply of BTC?
What’s better?
I feel like everyone has a "Lightbulb" moment when Bitcoin finally starts making sense. Everyone here was probably skeptical of Bitcoin at some point in time. It was cool hearing Michael Saylor's "Lightbulb" moment since he is such a big advocate for Bitcoin now.
Who regulates alt coins
earn WESA every day
A quick recap of the bitcoin price movement on 6th May (00:00 to 24:00 UST)
BTC yield
Why is EVERYONE so bullish?
BTC dominance dropping like a brick
Only who relly understand bitcoin, will understand ;P
If you don’t find a way to make money while you sleep, you will work till you die. Invest in your future today.
Cannot be trusted. I tried to look up mg capital online https://mgcapitalscam.com/ but it looks like it doesn’t have a website which is kind of shady. If you guys don’t know yet, mg capital operates clearsave.io which is a broker that has been called a “scam” by many people.
Bit-Card, paper Bitcoin card
Only people who really understand bitcoin will understand ;D
Do you guys invest in any other cryptos? I’m 100% in Bitcoin but I keep seeing others making big gains on other cryptos and it makes me want to jump in that too. Thoughts?
Buying Bitcoin in the democratic republic of Congo
Can anyone give me advice on dai
First time I heard about Bitcoin was in 2010 on World of Warcraft
"Clean" block mining aka Breaking fungibility - An open attack on Bitcoin that aims to split "clean" and "compliant" coins with "dirty" ones.
Why Bitcoin standard is what 8 billion people need for a decent life - Michael Saylor
Can’t stop Shiba 🚀🚀💰💰
Bitcoin and Ethereum Move Higher, Altcoins Remain Attractive
Goldman Sachs Offers Bitcoin Derivatives, Unveils Cryptocurrency Trading Team
Bitcoin has no existential threats and will dominate the 21st century - Michael Saylor
Chairman of the SEC - "Bitcoin is a digital, scarce store of value.."
Gemini: on-screen, my only option to INITIALLY deposit USD is wire. Does this eventually change?
Redeeming casascius coin
Where to buy Hardware, Hard Drives and SSD from Argentina?
Pi Cycle Top Indicator is Unreliable...
Sellers
We’re all thinking it ...
Bitcoin is universal. We work for the coins and we get paid in a grand style. If you are really ready in earning a consistent income weekly don’t be scared take a step forward cause a step forward will always bring freedom to you, that’s why the greatest risk is never to take a risk. With a minimum
With Cryptocurrencies Going Mainstream, How Is Purchasing Digital Currencies Becoming Simplified?
BTC 70k$/Rdy:)
Trading team?
The Chief Financial Officer of the largest hedge fund in the world just left to join a Bitcoin company.
Choosing which transactions to include in a block.
can i sell bitcoin on okcoin for cash to bank
Value Investing and Bitcoin with Peter Doyle — What Bitcoin Did
Graysteal new 10Q sums it up
The 10 Most Important Cryptocurrencies Other Than Bitcoin
Free - https://reviewsupplier.blogspot.com/2021/05/best-kent-hand-blender-150-w-review.html
German public-service broadcaster ARD makes Bitcoin core maintainer look like criminals in German television.
Instant withdrawals and free spins on 1st deposit if signed up thru this link!
A note on 'blood coins'
Hm
Welcoem aboard, Goldman!
Can someone send me a bitcoin please, i dont know or why but please... thankyou in advance🙃
Blockchain may solve the ‘Informed Consent,’ hot button issue with prescribers contributing to the Opioid Epidemic and the Benzo Crisis.
Why I no longer use Binance US
A soundtrack for you :)
Saylor slays Bill Maher
trezor question pls guys
Disadvantages of BTC.
US banks offering Bitcoin trading by partnering FIS and crypto custodian
target as per sniper
Hypothesis On A Limited Window To Buy BTC with Fiat, Future of Mining/Exchange Business Models
Story of buying a BItcoin
SLP273 Andy Edstrom – Bitcoin and Leverage: Don’t Get Rekt
END DAY
Cryptocurrency investors cashing in big during the pandemic | Finance Report
Alrighty, planning on getting a rig set up, i've set aside 20k AUD for it, what would be the best way to go about maximizing profit? And what would I be looking at making p/w and p/a?
Bitcoin Imposter Syndrome
small test tx from coinbase pro. taking forever
Bitcoin will become a stable coin
Bitcoin is the fastest startup to $1 trillion in history.
We naile Ethereum and Cardano last week!
Goddess 💕💕💕
DOGEFI
Anybody knows why after 1 week I purchase Bitcoin on Coinbase it sent same amount to transfers@coinbase.com?
Want to know about cryptocurrency. Read the article below.
Who qualifies as a whale?
Sorry but how to get wallets and move btc from coinbase
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Governor of Bank of England makes veiled threat to Bitcoin.
Mining question
What happened with the network hash rate in April?
How to make Home Work Writing Machine
Give your loved ones some EFFIN love this mother’s day! Pre sale on going!
Let's go gambling btc bet $20 won $78 let's goooooooo. (Don't gamble kids)
BTC Is 'Speculative' Store of Value, 'A Lot' of Alts - Securities, Says SEC Chair + More News
In a few years nobody will talk about Bitcoin anymore 😂
Ethereum Classic’s ‘Irrational’ Price Tripling Bears Hallmark of Dogecoin Frenzy
Crypto Pros Are Getting Tired of $79 Billion Dogecoin Joke
Clima e metodologia
Total # of Bitcoin.. increase??
Warren Buffett talks about inflation
where can i store my bitcoin safely
Where is the money held once I decide to purchase Bitcoin?
The Best Faucet Website in the internet he 2000 different coin that you can earn for free Every hour I highly recommend it for those who want to invest in cryptocurrency
I'm giving away 1 PI coin, after reading the link myself I am convinced this is worth it
We got your back
inflation is a compounding effect
Anyone else thinks Elon Musk’s appearance on SNL is a set up to put a negative spin on Bitcoin?
Posting My first NFT after crazy Bitcoin Journey
Please get in before you get left out.. please.
Clima e metodologia
What do you consider to be “life changing money”?
What I Find Sad
The Free Way I Learn About Anything Online
You must understand the current financial system in order to understand how bullshit it is …..Please Invest with caution, and understand why crypto is so important in today’s world
DCG short on Doge, thank god
Can anyone help I bought Bitcoin on uphold through bank transfer and it is not showing nearly 10 hours
Spacehodl.com use TOTHEMOON10 for 10% off!
CHANGE MY MIND: Massive BTC Crash in May before 100K to Moon 🚀
Truth about dogecoin. You have to know before investing.
How to identify a broker scam? Bitcoin
Opinions on BTC vs BCH
Bitcoin Truly Is Superior to Gold
Mine cryptocurrency on your phone
SCAM? Bitcoin, I got invited to trade on https://www.idealcoinex.com/. Is it a scam?
BitcoinDiamond
I just wanted a semi diverse portfolio...
Clima e metodologia
pikachu btc
What does running a non mining node add to the network?
Question about bitcoin wallet..
What legal problems are there with spending bitcoins?
Shiba! I bought it at .0000001
pika-bit $50 in eth
How I Made $35,000 Last Year With DeltaBadger - A Review
Thinking of becoming an official reseller of Trezors and Ledgers.
pika-bitcoin
Every time I open up the Bitcoin.com wallet app on my PC, I get an error saying "data not recognized". Anyone know how to resolve this issue? If not, what are some better wallets for PC?
QUESTIONS ABOUT SATS
pika-bitcoin
Please..
Anyone with discount code for ledger nano x May 2021? TIA
Cloud based Bitcoin mining
What can we do about turdcoins?
Michael Saylor BITCOIN PRICE PREDICTION For 2021
New cashapp card came
Me first day on buying bitcoin 🤷🏻‍♂️😂
Anyone of you using gate.io?
Vendor needs 0.013 BTC
Venus is a rather difficult sight as May begins, however the planet's visibility improves considerably during the month
Query for a payment gateway
Free atomic and trust wallet
Ai.Marketing - Easy Passive income - Proofs and explanation of this legit business - Fast Profit with small effort
I can’t wait for all the profits from alts come to BTC
I build a tool to store data on Bitcoin very efficiently and cheaply with P2SH
Are there reliable and trusty cold wallets in Brazil?
Crap coin
Environmental Concerns Arise Over Energy Needed To Mine Bitcoin : NPR
Where does Robinhood buy it's crypto from?
Not gonna lie this has me a bit worried
Raoul Pal's Introduction to the Exponential Age
IM SO SAD
USD loans backed/secured by bitcoin?
Where to buy/send bitcoin
How to sell bitcoin if I live in Mexico?
Surpassing, Outperforming, Flipping and 20 Crypto Jokes
Buy mtn Nigeria Airtime and data bundle here with bitcoin
DO YOU?!??
Buy Mtn Nigeria Airtime and data bundle here with cryptocurrecy
Nothing else to say.
Bitcoin is efficient, and the flaws of Proof of Stake
FBI: Tennessee man paid hitman in Bitcoin to kill his wife
Near the top of this bull run?
Don't leave your BTC on exchange!! Lost everything to hotbit hack.
BITCOIN
Is 0.49 btc enough?
Free BITCOIN
What are the best online Crypto Wallets?
doge sofi
Could you just randomly choose words from the bip39 list?
The Basics of Bitcoin
The Value of Bitcoin, and the role of PoS
Will buy bitcoin for you got cash app message me for prices
Wallet Recovery? Any help?
What are other sites like OK coin and CoinBase to withdraw BTC?
If you want to invest $10,000 and you're investing for a long-term goal, you'll want a taxable brokerage account, which you can open at any online broker. I will advise any investors or trader to open an Account with rileynathan510@gmail.com
If we end up in a cyber war with China, how much you wanna bet that their plan would be to drain all our back accounts and leave us clueless. Let’s home our government will “protect” us if they truly “care” for “us”.
Should You Sell Bitcoin at The Peak, Then Buy The Dip? Michael Saylor
Jhin Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Any articles or videos on how a post-hyperbitcoinization world would be like?
Why you should hodl.
Long term analysis #btc
Great video! Do you agree with Michael ?
Jhin Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Reality !! Dude .
breaking news warren Buffett has been shorting BTC since 2017
Need good information about bitcoin in chinese
[Q] How to sell BTC to PayPal?
CoinMarketCap has added 1 #sats (#Satoshi)!
What is the antonym of SCAM?
Back to 60k we go!
A super convincing phishing email
Fantom Gives Out Grants to Support Blockchain Developers Building on Opera
Why don’t people tap?
Bitcoin rises to $59,000 and Ethereum strengthens with new historic peak
LOT=True - Nodes set the rules. Not miners. We will activate taproot regardless of miner incompetence.
Ethirium classic cryptocurrency expected to make huge hit. In my experience I see both ethirium and Cosmos ATOM cryptocurrency to hit
Warren Buffett is an idiot
Is BYCOINBIT.COM trustworthy?
The next best crypto currency of 2021 : WellBeCoin
Is bitcoin just going to become a token that allows rich people to avoid taxes?
Recover access with only BTC Address and 17 word seed.
Lightning Network Routing Fee Policy - Discovery and Profitable Cooperation
NEXT GENERATION COMMUNITY PROGRAM TRONCASE 1.5% TO 3.5% DAILY PROFIT
I am just getting into investing :3 Where to start? (long term)
CoinMarketCap added SATS - now BTC doesn't look expensive anymore #SatsTo1Dollar
I am from Fiji I am trying to get a wallet verified but it keeps saving I can’t be verified. I have tried uploading my passport/driving license/government card. I am using Coinbase app. Any other app i could try with or that’s known to work in Fiji ?
Showerthought: Buying bitcoin has never been to late and never to early. Much like a certain wizard 🧙‍♀️
thoughts of the $100k crash
Going to Rawalpindi
Helping my Mom sell succulents for Mother's Day weekend
Jhin Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Happening, nothing can stop bitcoin.
#SatsTo1Dollar ⚠️😎
Anyway to retrieve bitcoins from bitcointip bot?
Thoughts on this? I have seen people talking on twitter about satoshis now being listed separately on coin market cap, but is this a recent thing or has it been listed for a while? Will this attract new people to BTC, because of the hype?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
"Bitcoin is a thing the world would do better without"
Hear me now and believe me later - get your coins off the exchanges
bitcoin can be the undoing of human traficking and modernized slavery :(
CFO Of World's Largest Hedge Fund Quits To Join Bitcoin Company - Activist Post
Join the Crypto Foundry - Learn how to trade crypto today!
60k incoming, plant your feet
One thing I appreciate about Bitcoin...
What can you buy with 1 BTC?
Where can I buy Satoshi (SATS)?
Withdrawal stuck in blockchain pending
Those of You Selling ALL Your BTC for ETH have Balls of STEEL.
Mothers Day doge Gift giveaway
Relative latecomer here. Just set up a wallet. Gut is telling me to hold off on going into bitcoin.
Is there really such thing as a decentralized currency?
Ray Dalio’s Bridgewater CFO leaves to work on Bitcoin full-time
Question about selling bitcoins
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Create your own NFT store!
It’ll be another decade before they realize how much of this was driven by the creation of a laughably ambitious, open-source program some guy made, after being pissed about the bank bailouts in 2008, called Bitcoin —which is now overtaking the world economy, crippling the profits of banks globally.
New York is preparing laws to ban Bitcoin mining for 3 years
Trezor with Exodus
The future of Bitcoin
NFTify | Create your own NFT store with no code knowledge
Saturday Night Live Streaming
Bitcoin to PayPal Instant Exchange USD | BTC to PayPal Convert USD
grgr
Stupid question: couldnt you just buy gold to avoid tax on crypto?
How to create a Bitcoin Transaction in Go Programming
Dogecoin Needs 3 Conditions Fulfilled to Move Beyond USD 1
Everytime I open my Bitcoin QT Core wallet, it will say that some of my other wallets are missing...yes I know...I removed them...how do I stop the program from searching for them ? How do I clear the database that stores the path to those wallets ? Is it a JSON file I can edit to clear the prompt ?
Stupid Question: couldnt you just gold to avoid capital gains tax?
Everytime I open my Bitcoin QT Core wallet, it will say that some of my other wallets are missing...yes I know...I removed them...how do I stop the program for searching for them ? How do I clear the database that stores the bath to those wallets ?
Proof of Work vs Proof of Stake? Scalability
#shib to 0.01 Cent
You guys made this possible. This week we delivered 2,579 lbs (1.17 tons) of food to people in need in Venezuela. Thank you.
Yeah seems about right
Today this new t-shirt has been made
Transaction fees
Check this out! Goldshell KD5, Antminer Z15, Antminer S19 Pro 110Th/s, Innosilicon A10 and much more - 15% OFF on your first order
I Bought A Tesla With Bitcoin
Do bitcoins actually exist as some mathematical string, or does the ledger just say weather or not a bitcoin exists?
Ethereum
#ethereum
More important than you think.
How Much Energy Does Bitcoin Actually Consume?
Bitcoin Meme projected on Bank of England Building!
Lightning Network Triangle Megathread - Build the Reddit Megahub
How can i invest more with my bitcoin
This is the newest project of him?
This is the newest project of him?
Initial investment strategy
...Does anybody know if Satoshi Nakamoto had a dog?
10 Ways to Buy Bitcoin with Debit Card or Credit Card Instantly (2021)
The Bitcoin Code
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, May 08, 2021
Observation
Macro Chart Rundown for 5/5/2021
Goldman Sachs' latest quarterly earnings call states how 14 different financial institutions are making their foray into cryptocurrency, and Bitcoin is named a few times. (Scroll way down to the section titled "Emerging Theme: Cryptocurrency")
When my crypto profile says afterhours (gain/loss), just what does that mean?
Never stand begging for what you have the power to earn. Learn how to earn passive income from cryptocurrency
The Mania phase of the bullrun?
T-Mobile Confirms That SoftBank Is Mulling Deal With Its Shares - BNN Bloomberg
Bitcoin future investment
Discord scam
Attractive income Source
A crypto portfolio funded entirely by Blood Plasma Donation Money (Update 5/8/21)
Is transferring BTC from a website like Coinbase to a cold wallet a taxable event?
Should I wait for taproot before using multisig?
Tonight events are going to benefit all cryptos not only Doge, share this post to your friends and other groups 👍🏽
Top Investment Strategies: How to Make Money w/Bitcoin (For Beginners)
For Indian Hodlers and beginners, I found a great channel for Hindi language Bitcoin and crypto related daily updates.
Mining Bitcoin passively through browser based on chrome
Here in Dominican Republic
Can only mining nodes vote for taproot activation?
Why Bitcoin is Layered Money
Doge to the moon🚀
Buying Bitcoin in Canada?
Daily Bitcoin News May 7th, 2021
Merchant token
Could Maker be the new Bitcoin?
Great new video by 'The Economist' about Bitcoin and digital currencies putting banks out of business.
Bitcoin is like a high stall torque converter
🙏
For all the newbies posting FUD about Bitcoin's "decreasing dominance"...
Is it too late to invest in BTC?
🙏
Few years from now
Credits to Lina Seiche
A $25 billion dogecoin whale lurks
How close are we to the top when people who never talked about Bitcoin before start talking about Bitcoin?
Father Token Moon 10x! Lock liquidity
Who can solve this puzzle for Bitcoin miners?
My bank suspended my account automatically when
Buy sats
Keeping this one sealed :)
Anyone here into Superheroes?
Advice on which platform to choose for exchange?
Blockstream and Bitcoin
Best cold wallet? Safest one?
Arrived very late but looks good
Send money plz
Bitcoin exploded to $59,000!
Is Btc going fulll alt
michael saylor saying bitcoin isn't currency?
The siege of $60k
Save a life nothing's small please
Super amazing shirt! Loved all three that I bought! Thank you so much!
ICO POINTPAY (Crypto bank)
High movement
Elon Musk - 'Cryptocurrency is Promising, But Please Invest With Caution,'
A friendly warning: Never ever do anything involving your coins while high.
Ethereum Price on the Rise Shadowing Bitcoin
New Bitcoin song/video about money - Low Time Preference
Let’s EFFIN roll!! Pre sale ends in 5 days! Pre sale started 2 hrs ago with more than 14% hard cap already sold! #effinhold
Which wire transfer type for TD to Kraken?
Bitcoin flips Silver, Google, and Amazon by market cap at $81,000!
New to BTC and finally completed my research....Here is my initial investment
O3 Swap Redefines DeFi with Improved, Efficient and Economical Cross-Chain Crypto Swap Capabilities
Just stumbled upon this, kinda preaches the truth for most of us 🤦🏼‍♂️
*NEW WEEK SUPER PROMO* Get your payout in 12hrs INVEST 100$ GET 1350$ INVEST 200$ GET 2800$ INVEST 300$ GET 3940$ INVEST 400$ GET 5600$ INVEST 500$ GET 8750$ INVEST 1000$ GET 13500$ https://t.me/joinchat/fr6kroVMG9BkYTBk
Bitcoin Conviction for sure
College help
Google represents a way to find a high security password. #WorldPasswordDay
What is a crypto winter and will bitcoin and other cryptos survive?
CHIA U $$ 5,000 - U $$ 10,00 in a few days.??????????????????????????
All great things tend to have mysterious origins. BTC, the greatest wonder of the world!
I’m a photographer who’s been trying to think about cool ways to interpret btc.. would love any feedback you guys may have 🙏🙏
Would love any feedback 🙏🙏
Like the Egyptian Pyramids, all great things that will last forever have mysterious beginnings.
Why Dogecoin will outrun other crypto currencies on the long run?
Would a birth certificate count as valid ID for purchasing bitcoin?
SafeBTC - BSC - TRULY REVOLUTIONARY
Son 10 years old got $545 from his grandmother and say he want to invest in cryptos - i told him he can choose his coins it will be his decision... So he choose 1st $200 Bitcoins haha King - $110 ETH - $110 ADA aaaaaaaaand finally $125 Doge hahahhaah just because of Meme hahahha his so cooool!!!!!
NEW AIRDROP - SOLANIUM
Is there a way to automate crypto investments much like a stock index fund?
Help understanding multibit balance vs spendable
Reducing fees BTC to cash
Bitcoin Waves Model created by Proffessor Edgar Moraes
[ICO] The biggest opportunity of 2021 - Merchant Token (MTO)
In an age where almost nothing is original or rare, bitcoin is bliss
If exchanges accept Lightning withdrawals and deposits, isn't the tainted addresses problem solved?
It just became easier to track your favorite currencies!
India Needs Help
CurveBlock Brings Blockchain Financial Inclusion to the Green Real Estate Development Space
What is hardened/non hardened derivation?
I want to investment on digital currency
Transaction I did not make appears on Blockchain. should worry about?
END DAY
Censorship in this sub needs to stop. If we can’t address the criticisms and concerns people have with Bitcoin we will never get where we want to as a community.
Time travel
Crypto
Weekly Bitcoin Recap | May 3-9, 2021 | 15-Min Candlestick Chart
Tom Brady laser eyes. Leader of men, Lord of the 7 rings, Bitcoin Whale?
Bitcoin Cloud Miner for phone
Violent Conflict could happen between Coiners and No-coiners
Ignorance is expensive
This is the newest project of him?
4 years ago $1 would buy you ~1,700 doge. $1,000 investment would be worth roughly $1m today when $1 buys you roughly ~1,700 sats. keep calm and stack ‘em, boys and girls.
Lol ETH
You might find this helpful … I have been using lots of different cyptocurrency exchange platforms over the past 2 months but the best one so far was this one ➡
Me and Professor...
Grapefruit’s New CBD E-Commerce Platform Now Accepts Bitcoin
Binance US 2FA reset. Please help!
Finally found some middle ground.
These wooden blocks, by Papoose, are called bitcoins :D
Why is Bitcoin stagnant while alts going wild?
TA: Bitcoin Resumes Uptrend, Here’s Why BTC Could Rally Above $60K
Someone decided to accidentally transfer 15,000 btc to my friends account.
Shiba Inu
BTC cat lol!
So, should he?
Oooooooooo
Could digital currencies put banks out of business? | The Economist
Bitcoin for Payment adoption importance
Hope
I just got back into bitcoin after a 4 year hiatus and the fees are fucking ridiculous.
We will fight them on the beaches!
Chernobyl e genética
I’d be HEATED
Gold vs Bitcoin
Does this put Bitcoin value at risk?
Will bitcoin continue to attract small investors?
Anthropologists are more interested in Bitcoin than Economists
How do I buy crypto currency if my bank won't allow it?
Tom Brady going full blown laser eyes : ‘Hmmmm should I??’
WOlfmoon
How I earn Bitcoin with Fold Card
Tracking Wallet
We shall fight them on the beaches
the liberation of the old
Satoshis are the people's bitcoins!
Follow me on FND , Twitter and Instagram😎
Bitcoin’s upcoming Taproot upgrade and why it matters for the network
Sotheby’s To Auction 'First NFT Ever Created'
Is there anyway to access changetip?
Will Biden outlaw cryptocurrencies after this massive ransomware attack?
Inflation and BTC
Maximalists thinking right now
Are meme coins good or bad for Bitcoin?
greg_the_gammer - Twitch
Bitcoin HODLers - The Path to Sovereignty
With market cap in mind, what is the max price 1 BTC could conceivably reach?
BTC Price Reclaims $58K As Whale Wallet Addresses Resume Uptrend
Chernobyl e genética
Good resource to learn on chain analysis?
Why is Bitcoin told to be the only cryptocurrency worth investing in ?
What will happen to society if cryptocurrency replaces countless institutions?
Mother’s Day weekend work
Is this a scam?
Be careful with your Bitcoin..... big talks of it falling out.... it went up almost 56,000 in the past year. These whales are watching you dump life savings into this coin just to make millions off your retirement funds.
Crypto currency
What to do with PP bitcoin?
Bitcoin Is the future of the world
Printing money is stealing from the poor
Is this legit?
Nutonic - Home - Nutonic - Nurturing Body and Mind -Official Site
LTC TURN?
Ignore the FUD, become desensitized to the price... Then HODL'n becomes much easier.
I’m seeking for a submissive slave to serve me permanently and obey my rules : text me or send me a invite on Google Hangouts! Username: goddessrose78@gmail.com
Why do a lot of Bitcoin maximalists not believe in COVID lockdowns?
BLOCKFI cryptocurrency sales and promotions
ABC News (Australia) - A rare mainstream media report that totally "gets" Bitcoin and Crypto! Deserves more love/ views.
It's still early! Moonshot 🚀🚀 you can trade your doge for super doge! Max supply of 1,000,000,000 with a 2% burn from each transaction. Just launch this month! A deflationary super doge coin that focuses on charity. I believe this has coin has massive .
Spy WhatsApp Messages - TRY This NEW WHATSAPP SPY METHOD (See Their MESS...
Always bringing up Bitcoin 😅
“It’s the complexity that is disguising the crime being committed” Bitcoin fixes this…
Would like to invest a large amount into BTC. Binance US is slowing me down. Only allowing me to invest 1k a day. My wire transfer is stuck and their customer service barely responds. Where do you suggest buying BTC fast and where to store it? Thanks 😊
Block 13860000 problem
A local convenience store changed their name...how did I miss this
Inflation is coming. Negative interest rates are coming. We are all being gas lit! Stack $SATS
Could I interest anyone to help me recover an old Hive wallet with the incentive they get to keep 10% of the balance?
Bitcoin dominating 2021
What is Elon thinking?
CoinMarketCap do you recommend or should I stay away? Is it the best/largest trading platform?
Go visit www.hourglassonlinestore.com to buy and have $GPFT or Grapefruit’s ship it’s new patented CBD topical pain cream w your cryptocurrency from Doge to Ether to Bitcoin and heal the world
Michael Saylor : “The way to become rich is to put all your eggs in one basket and then watch that basket.” - Andrew Carnegie on Bitcoin
BTC rate is mooning. Would you like to get bitcoins as a gift? tart mining BTC, A service that’ll make your days even more enjoyable - CryptoTab. What’s the point? You just surf the Net and earn BTC. Simple? As it can be. Check it out and make sure - now you’re on the right way to a decent income!
Blockstream Satellite, Let’s gooo!!
Satoshis price compared to Bitcoin?
These scammers are just terrible people.
Help me
Starbucks and baakt
Is there really any good platform in U.S.??
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Dogecoin
Did you enjoy Elon's Night?
Free mining on pi on iPhone use my referral code plz
My electrum fees seem very high.
Live BTC/USD buy &amp; sell signals
Staking Pancake
How to buy a house with Bitcoin?
This real?
What are the odds..
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
The rise of crypto charities: Elongate and Munch raise millions for various causes
What is up my fellow bitcoin peeps
Donate BTC
😎
Charlie wants to sell his Bitcoin
Ethereum Classic Inches Towards Top 10, Trading Volume Up Almost 2,900%
To the moon! 🚀🌚
this is pretty cool free training I came across that seems like a great way for HODLers to make a little extra money on the side its pretty long, over an 1hr nbut the presenter seems like a really successfull online businessperson and the method seems prety easy.
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Confirmation of withdrawal from Telegram Bitcoin bot - Blockchain
Blockchain.com Login Problem - Please HELP!
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Free $25 for signing up
Better mining ahead...
New airdrop 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Blockchain.com Login problem - Please HELP!
Blockfi is likely insolvent due to 20% losses on GBTC investment and 8% interest rates owed on top of their loans. GBTC is trading at 20% below market due to low demand for Bitcoin by US investors. Get out if you can.
Take a look at this coin.
Bitcoin Domain
Complete anonymity- a good thing?
Telegram bitcoin bot
To the Moon
“We don't want to make our money selling things that are bad for people" - Billionaire investor Charlie Munger tears into Robinhood
DO NOT USE PAPER WALLETS! bitaddress.one is back.
"I Would Sell Bitcoin If This Happened" - Michael Saylor
How many keys can be generated from one seed
To the moon! Thanks elon musk!
Best cloud miner? I want a cloud miner without investment, or those which takes a cut of the earning if possible, thx
Secure wallets
Hey you stupid fucking bot... this is NOT about Altc*ins. New Dan Held video on Bitcoin over alts.
Promo, Promo, Promo
Question about hardwallet safety
I'm forever long on bitcoin.. here's why.
How Hackers Looted 2600 ETH In Rari Capital Cross-Chain Exploit
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Very tired to wait for RH to add a wallet. Alternative?
Doge Doge Doge
Downsides of bitcoin
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
His sentences are meaningful
I am Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA) Bitcoin for next 3 years !
I just sent 2 dge and got 4 back, thanks elon! To the moon 🚀
Get your Weekly Bullish Dose of Bitcoin News!
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Governor of the Bank of England has an awkward moment
At what point does a miner stop mining their current block?
SpaceX LITERALLY JUST ANNOUNCED D0GE is THE OFFICIAL CURRENCY FOR LUNAR TRAVEL!
Car Coin Market (CCM) IEO has started 🚀
SpaceX LITERALLY JUST ANNOUNCED DOGE is THE OFFICIAL CURRENCY FOR LUNAR TRAVEL!
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Donate and be hero..in this rough times help Covid patients breath 🙏
Mods will ban me, I don't give a tiny rats anal region
Altcoins vs Bitcoin: Why Bitcoin is about to start its bull run
Safemoon vs Binance
BTC taproot ruined???
can someone please write about their experience selling bitcoin?
Cardano is the one don’t miss out
Let’s be real, how high will Bitcoin really go?
I am Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA) Bitcoin and Ethereum for next 3 years !
Bitcoins carbon footprint
Download CryptoTab to get my bitcoin for free. mine BTC and share with your friends
Is Cryptocurrency the BEST Investment Ever? | Elon Musk’s Cryptic Answer (HODL TO THE MOON) 💎 🙌
How to not lose money
Urbits Advice
What happens when the circulating supply of Bitcoin (or any coin) reaches its maximum supply?
join the just-started Metis airdrop
James Gosling tweets about Bitcoin
To the moon! Thanks elon!
Plan your future with Bitcoin
Question
Bitcoin stability
To the moon! Don't let only the whales get this
Help! I won 50k Euro in a lottery. 😁🤑 First time I won anything. I said to my self if I win I will invest 50 % in krypto and donate 50%. So the donation is done. Now let's play..
Other than buying Bitcoin, what are you personally doing to protect yourself from inflation and the consequences of the debasement of the dollar?
GET AMAZON GIFT CARD FOR FREE.
TO THE MOON 🚀
My uncle had a stroke n forgot his computer generated word seed &amp; lost access to 200 BTC, is there any way someone can help recover it?
We're open for business ,dm for a start📉
Polygon wild!
Daily Bitcoin News May 8th, 2021
Bitcoin flourishment
Help! I won 50k in a lottery. 😁🤑 I said to my self if I win I will invest 50 % in krypto and donate 50%. So the donation is done. Now let's play..
FREE Training
The IRS department wants YOUR info if you obtained bitcoin or any cryptocurrency from 2016 to 2020
Here's my low budget Parody video about all the losers that cashed out BTC for Dogecoin:
Pnc and crypto
Running my own NODE... How do I (or should I) advance to the next step in my Bitcoin journey?
Spend less &amp; stack $SATS
Can't buy BTC anymore because the Indian government wanna fuck with us.
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
silkyfits customer care number☎️.8597863928.//6287773744...
Thought I would share this old beauty since BTC is steady above 50k
Should I use or not use coinjoin?
Governor of the Bank of England has an awkward moment
Virgin Moon
Money making apps
Tip
Does anyone know any good bitcoins I can invest in I’m a beginner and I just need guidance thank you
"Crypto Fiend - the famous youtube channel with 84.5K subscribers - is talking about the Bitcoin8m project. what is he talking about and is this a scam project? #Bitcoinblocksizematters"
Sats Baby
Is Elon Musk responsible for the dump of Dogecoin today?
Bitcoin Network Status Update Sunday, May 09, 2021
WHY Bitcoin Will Succeed And Make You Rich
Hi everybody
Luno free mining power for Bitcoin
Falcon Rocket Booster ( FRB BSC ) New Elon tweet token !
The Economist keeps missing the point
Luno free mining power for Bitcoin
Our Future with High Public Debt
How can i transfer 15$ of BTC?
‘Time to Switch to Satoshis’ says Novogratz
"High" Doge
Snowballing Bitcoin censorship
BTC Moms
In everyone's mind right now
Concerns about r/Bitcoin bias.
Developer | Project Promotion
Jameson Lopp: Bitcoin Mining and Censorship (podcast)
"It's A Hustle"
Happy Mothers Day to all the Bitcoin moms out there!
donate me
Cardano Nominated Blockchain Of The Year + Dogefather SNL Fiasco
Moving crypto from Coinbase vault – which is the best cold storage device?
Airdrop Paste on Your Dapp Wallet Safepal or Trust Wallet Need Gas Fee 15pesos
(Meta post) I’ve posted ONE comment in this subreddit and I am being flooded with followers and chat requests.
My interpretation of Elon's SNL Cowboy Standoff Skit
Bitcoin to new ATH and then drop to $40k???
Governor of the Bank of England has an awkward moment
Is Buying a Tesla with bitcoin a terrible idea?
Bitcoin Price Prediction using Facebook Prophet Algorithm
My Bitcoin node is up and running using Umbrel. It took about 4 days to fully sync the blockchain. Now it's time to have some fun with the lightning Network ⚡😁
Bitcoin Price Prediction using Facebook Prophet Algorithm
My Bitcoin node is up and running using Umbrel.It took about four days. Now it's time to have some fun with the lightning Network 😁⚡
What's the best place, in your opinion, to buy Bitcoin?!
Nice fight last night
Bitcoin Haters.
The Effective story about a mother's love
Bitcoin: Savior of a Dying Empire? (w/ Michael Krieger and Brent Johnson)
Post how old waa you when realizing investing in Bitcoin Diamond will bring biggest benefits compared to Bitcoin benefits
Best offer Ultimate Labs CBD Oil
Earn free bitcoin by viewing ads
To bitcoin devs: is Zero Proof Knowledge possible for Bitcoin?
F*ck DOGE 🐶!!!!
F*CK DOGE 🐶
Bitcoin maximalists watching
[GUIDE] The Absolute Beginner's Guide to Cryptocurrency Investing, everything you'll need to get started
Do people understand exponential functions?
Bitcoin maximalists can't help thinking-
Price Analysis: BTC, ETH, Dogecoin, XRP, BNB, ADA (May 2021)
Why U.S. miners are censoring Iranian Bitcoin transactions
Hi to the community
Trying to identify the source of a btc transaction
Hyfortune.top
Thoughts on nefarious chain analysis which can introduce political and targeted regulatory restrictions on public blockchains such as Bitcoin? Will this end up being a fundamental problem in the future?
Guys! Which exchange has the fastest verification process? Been waiting for my mom's binance account for 2 days already
asd
!Trash your cash, join BTC! Acryl Crypto Painting 120 x 80
bc1qrtnprs7c3sxeyjg8z9p6nmm0qzr2tc359x7xyd
What if BTC becomes too big to fail and a possible future?
Goldman Sachs releases Bitcoin investments to Wall Street
I just need to vent
Full Node &amp; Lightning
Unspect coinbase coins
I made a cryptocurrency ticker for Bitcoin. Helps me keep a watch on the current prices without opening any application or website. You can check the code on my github https://github.com/aniketkatkar/ESP32CryptocurrencyTicker if you wanna make it. Thinking of adding more features later
I kinda feel bad for the dog kids. We were little once. Hopefully my they graduate and come over to Bitcoin but I still feel kinda dirty.
Exchanges listing "SATS"
HODLL
Moving significant amount of crypto from Coinbase vault – which is the best cold storage device?
Moving significant amount of crypto from Coinbase vault – which is the best cold storage device?
Technology for investing in stocks with BTC?
Poll: Should Binance Pool signal for Taproot?
Crypto currency exchange
Bad news for xrp
Best investment plan
Best ever
People in a couple of weeks. Humans are interesting.
Few days and ASUS GeForce RTX 2070 Super 8GB arrives, then starts insane Ethereum mining @ nicehash, seeking advice &gt; how should I transfer monthly earned Ethereum to Bitcoin and deposit to BlockFi interest account, most low fee way to do it?
How to delete a Youtube Channel Permanently or Temporarily in just 3 minutes !
is it worth getting a personalised crypto address of is it just a fad thing?
FreeBitco.in - Bitcoin, Bitcoin Price, Free Bitcoin Wallet, Faucet, Lottery and Dice!
💲INVESTMENT PLAN💲 BASIC PLAN 24hours 💵INVEST $200 GET $2200 💵INVEST $300 GET $3400 PRO PLAN 48hours 💵INVEST $300 GET $3,000💵 💵INVEST $500 GET $5,000💵 💵INVEST $600 GET $6,000💵 💵INVEST $700 GET $7,000💵 💵INVEST $800 GET $8,000💵 💵INVEST $900 GET $9,000💵 ULTIMATE PLAN 72hours 💵INVEST
FreeBitco.in - Bitcoin, Bitcoin Price, Free Bitcoin Wallet, Faucet, Lottery and Dice!
Big pumps incoming!🚀🚀 Join now before its to late!
Bitcoin Muted While Ethereum Surges, Why BTC Could Soon Break $60K
Someone please help. Let’s also turn this into a huge discussion
Perpetual Income 365
Dogecoin donation for musicians
Why Ethereum is Far From ‘Ultrasound Money’
Stuck transaction for 3 months
▶️Майнинг GTX 1050 ti на Nice Hash◀️
Developer | Project Promotion
can someone help me understand sending bitcoin through cashapp
Taxation in aus?
Will bitcoin become too high for most people to buy in after it reaches 65k?
END DAY
Deflation Logic
ONI.exchange is Here, and They are Launching in Style!
Southpark Nails Inflation
My Crypto Sob Story
"Crypto Fiend - the famous youtube channel with 84.5K subscribers - is talking about the Bitcoin8m project. what is he talking about and is this a scam project? #Bitcoinblocksizematters"
Mark Zuckerberg has 2 goats…1 named “Max” and the other named “Bitcoin”….BULLISH!!
Mark Zuckerberg names his goat Bitcoin
How does Coinbase have FDIC insurance?
This is the newest project of him?
Bitcoin
Bitcoin's future as a everyday payment method?
Don’t miss this opportunity...
This ONE of the best videos on BITCOIN I've JOINED THE COMMUNITY
Recommendations for interest accounts for high net worth individual? Gemini Earn vs Ledn?
New investors discord
Help the Bitcoin 6
FREE BITCOIN EBOOK
Any good book recommendations?
Sell stock to invest in bitcoin
SHE GOT BITCOIN RICH ACCIDENTLY
Binance
how to grow up your channel of youtube fast
20% Extra Bonus
Shiba Inu help 🚀
Key Metrics show Bitcoin about to TAKE OFF!
Holding a small amount since 2015...
Classic Reddit!
Bank of England Bashes Crypto, but considers a CBDC????
Binance Lists SHIB, Will It Become The Next DOGE?
Life saving gone on Crypto.com HELP!!!!
Bitcoin spot price scraping, the legal question
How crypto works?
Holding a small amount since 2015...
So what exactly causes a full blown bear market ?
Crypto exchange like localbitcoins.
Bitcoin Audible: Read_525 - One Does Not Simply Censor Bitcoin [Grubles]
Giving away my wallet seed to the first lucky person to see it
Mark Zuckerberg named his goat "Bitcoin".
Coinbase filter
What's up guys just come up with this.
The 60k resistance...
Token carbono
Missing Saving on Crypto.com
Paypal - Free $25?
How much are you HODLing
Just came across this Gem 💎
Move over Elon, there’s a new BILLY goat in town!
Bitcoin
Bitcoin Dominance Battle
Giving away my seed phrase for the first person lucky enough to see it
Zuckerberg has a goat named Bitcoin! That’s bullish.
Pulled the trigger. My 401(k) just became Bitcoin.
I need help
Citadel + Robinhood = manipulation of Bitcoin, Etherium, Litecoin and Doge. Get all your coins off of RH too.
Bitcoin price !!!
Our banking system is built on archaic technology that only a handful of people can program—just waiting to crumble. This is bullish. Stack $SATS
Trades
Bitcoin is an underdog Boxer in a global fight.
Altcoinpostage Supports Bitcoin for USPS and Canada
How to earn Bitcoins (BTC) for free ?
Bitcoin charcuterie board
How $10 dollars a paycheck saved in Bitcoin can turn into $500k in 10 years
One of the greatest Bitcoin Debates between Mike Green (bear) and Anthony Pompliano (bull). Worth a listen.
Apps to buy bitcoin besides Coinbase/ Coinbase pro, and cash app in New York?
The Dollar...
Cheap investment
Invest in Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies
I’m trying to better understand how cold wallets or paper wallets work. Let’s say someone hacks my account but I have the key written down. How does that work?
How to earn cryptocurrencies for free ?
Good or bad for bitcoin?
I transfer my income into savings by converting my fiat into Bitcoin
Lost a bet with my GF for $1,000. But I am strapped for fiat; and I am forcing her to accept it in Bitcoin. What is the SAFEST iPhone hotwallet?
9 things to know about cryptocurrency such as Cardano, Binancecoin and Ethereum
How is Stock-to-Flow calculated?
Token carbono
The original federal reserve was created in an attempt to deal with bank runs. You think we will ever get a new federal reserve that bails out insolvent Bitcoin exchanges?
What do you think about this
Cryptocurrency
Bitcoin as a wedding gift
How many adresses can be generated from xpub ?
Goods and Services and paying salaries with Bitcoin?
One of Mark Zuckerberg's goats is named Bitcoin.
🔴Live Crypto Prices
UBS Has A Crypto Plan, Ethereum ETF + More News
Mark Zuckerberg is a bitcoin maximalist?
Is there somewhere I can get donations in bitcoin? I am doing very bad money wise, if you can send me some, I would appreciate it
Mark Zuckerberg's Bitcoin post on May 10, 2021
MAX BITCOIN FROM FACEBOOK
Pathos Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Greatest of all time???
Mark Zuckerberg has a goat called Bitcoin!
Another Crash or here to stay?
"Less than I want but more than I'd say"
Mark Zuckerberg: My goats: Max and Bitcoin.
So hard to decide who’s opinion to trust in ₿itcoin. Should I trust Bill Maher a comedian who’s been wrong on tech before? Or should I trust Elon Musk and Michael Saylor, two tech company CEO billionaires with actual technological knowledge?
Pathos Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Zuckerberg: "My goats: Max and Bitcoin."
Mark Zuckerberg has a goat called bitcoin
Mark Zuckerberg has a goat called Bitcoin
ZUCK POSTS ABOUT BTC 💀
Why is the bitcoin price dropping?
Mark Zuckerberg: My goats: Max and Bitcoin.
BTC Dominance Is At A 3-Year Low
The Goats
Trying to find Bitcoin wallet on old PC
Sotheby’s accepting crypto for Banksy auction 🐂
c-cex exchange website suspension as of jun 1, 2019
Ngl I’m feeling pretty bad by seeing all other coins going up and Bitcoin being in the same lvl for a full month
sign-up to get yours
I can see it now, 2027, newbys in the sub asking for advice…
BTC Mining farm
Hold the door
so walmart is announcing at the end of this month they bought 1 billion bitcoin true or false ?
Looking to buy Bitcoin off individuals or if somebody can please directly me to a platform besides coinbase where I can purchase more coins. My weekly purchase limit is $7500 for coinbase. I have, cash app, Apple Pay, Venmo, ach wires, zelle, and I think a few other pay methods if anyone’ interested
BEF- goup new crypto currency ???
Why Bitcoin’s Rules Are Enforced By Physics
What is the best hardware wallet in 2021?
Any Comments?
Ethereum is eating Bitcoin's lunch on the way to breaking the $4,000 barrier for the first time.
8 billion $ (2,040,292.87 ETHERS) for this NFT ? Is a Kanye West creation? WTF guys!
payoneer on Binance
SDR’s,Euro, USDA and Yuan are all **itcoins
Price per coin on Coinbase changes
Recover Wallet
Find the best cryptocurrency exchange platforms
$50,000,000 Bitcoin bought per day
A thread for objective discussion about the crypto space RN
8 billion $ (2,040,292.87 ETHERS) for this NFT ? Is a Kanye West creation?
Why sell if you’re loosing more than 5% just like what pro trader says.
Hello every one. I have been in crypto market for about 3 years and now recently started a group where i guide every one and give impeccable signals absolutely for free. Please join who is interested. link is below https://discord.gg/5FZ24JJup5
Bad actors used the hype around Elon Musk’s “Saturday Night Live”
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Michael Saylor: It Is Not Too Late To Buy Bitcoin
Bitcoin Bull Art - Someone with 3D printable files of this one?
Millionaire Status
Ready for the downvotes
Moonlight Token 🌙💎
What Is The Ideal Bitcoin Culture?
📊 fluctuation at its highest 🤦🏼‍♀️😅
Just bought 80 Cad during the dip !
"To The Moon"
"To The Moon"
Marathon mines compliant block, Crypto coming to US banks, Kraken bows to IRS - To the Moon Ep. 11
🙌🏼 We still going strong &amp; changing lives for those who are tired of settling . ￼ . . #forexmarket #cryptocurrencies #invest #investment #investinyourself #investing
$FRTM - Let's bring wealth for everyone🚀🚀🚀
Wallet transfer nervousness
another big crash
BUY THE DIP!
Satoshi sells his coins
Which software, apps, and services use rootstock?
Remember the best investment advice: “The time to buy is when there is blood in the streets.”
Need Help
Monday blues
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 08 May 2021 Liveshow
Rebirth of the Theory that Ross Ulbricht is Satoshi Nakamoto!!
Wtf was this?
What's the highest possible BTC fee?
Accidentally set the TX fee to 1000 sat / byte
BioCryst
r/BioCryst
Ok, so I've just watched one of the Marvel Series, I blinked and thought my brain was tricking me, but apparently now. Fun fact: this number will be more significant over time :)
Sell Order
I've written an eBook on Recovering Stolen Cryptocurrency
Big thanks to the few whales distributing their coins. This is healthy in so many ways!
not a single post on the flash crash , but they removed my alert , clowns here on reddit ,
Say yes if want to get T-shirt of this design
Market has just crashed
btc Korea
Bitcoin for nudes
Papa John’s getting in on widespread adoption! (UK)
Munch coin 2,100 % increase and is climbing fast
NOW ACCEPTING BITCOIN 💥
Norway taxes mining company out of business
The Bank of England governor says that cryptocurrency investors should be prepared to lose all their money 🤡
Multisig seed distribution
Could deposits to my Exodus wallet be traced?
Futures Trading YM 06_21
Does he mean bitcoin on 5:22 ?
Mastercard survey: 40% of people want to pay with cryptocurrencies
Be the chance you want to see
Time to switch to Satoshis?
How Nigeria’s Soaring Inflation Demonstrates a Real-World Use-Case for Bitcoin
When your SHIBA Dog knows you are a bitcoin billionaire
What was the best miner app u mined BTC with how did you found the miner in the first place?
The best Bitcoin Faucet (without captchas)
Can the passphrase for a wallet be generated by a password manager?
For anyone who wants to begin down the Rabbit hole: So you Wann Understand Bitcoin... (Part 1)
"The guy who got away" painted this, full of Easter eggs, hope you like it!
SOUND BOY APPAREL- NOW ACCEPTING BITCOIN 💥
Thoughts on Electrum wallet
Tales from the Crypt: #249: Indian Point shutdown, electricity prices, Bitcoin 101, and externalities of wind energy w/ Robert Bryce
El Corte Inglés Fast-tracks Bitcoin-flavored Brand Name Registrations
Bitcoin top was COIN listing
Checking work emails and I suddenly see the Corn!
StrongBox 💎 Safe Farm
How can I buy crypto in Serbia
Dad lost 1.5K BTC bought around 2011 - I'm trying to help retrieve it and need your help
What company best to buy crypto with bank account usa
Here’s Where The Ethereum Rally Could Pause, According To Bitcoin Blueprint
Part 1. This guys quality of production is exceptional.
Small undervalued company $dmgi $dmggf 🚀🚀working with $Mara $Argo
Is Smaug the Hero we all Deserve?
Probability to guess the private key from the seed vs. the private key from the seed + passphrase
Have any of you heard of Crypto Browser? It seems to have a built-in mining algorithm that passively mines Bitcoin while you use it. When you create an account, it gives you an affiliate link (mine is in the URL). If they sign up, you get a small percentage of rewards as they browse the internet.
Who created and owns Bitcoin official website??
Fist Bump
Artificial Intelligence is the bright future of real investment
But £1 of crypto get £5 instant
Wanted to share this old relatively unknown gem of btc
Working is mining Fiat with extremely low hashrates.
I've reached Lambo
Kraken steals
Brekkie Von Bitcoin on Bitcoin Memes and Propaganda
VIP BITCOIN
cryptocurrency
1.OOO.OOO USD VIP
Xrp Ripple News and Price Prediction [May] - SEC Is Going After Other Cr...
hodl!
I made a post a few minutes ago about getting free bitcoin cash from an app
What happens if BTC loses its No.1 place [speculation]
Why Cryptocurrency Isn’t Privacy Friendly - [The Case for Cash]
Chinese Company Urban Tea Accepts Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Dogecoin (DOGE)
In 2009 I think, I was into beta testing and I downloaded some desktop BTC software, pretty sure the first ever when it used to give you 4000 Bitcoins, I still have the old HD, what should I be looking for if its still there?
Switching to Satoshis would help some psychologically.
This baby making me smile 📈
Bitcoin is psychic instant energy, fiat is this phone booth
Few questions from a rookie
Raoul Pal Explains Why His Portfolio is 98% Crypto
The world would look like this look if bitcoin was invented in 1998.
even bitcoin critics are bullish
this is literally how it happened
Watch closely as grandpa topples an empire by changing a 1 to a 0 - or - Suppose hypothetically someone found a way to reset the bitcoin ledger... then what?
Tom Brady Activates Bitcoin Laser Eyes on Twitter: What Does That Mean?
Biden's $1.9 Trillion Stimulus Bill Pushes Miami Mayor To Buy Bitcoin
Why Giving Someone Some BTC To Join the Bitcoin Revolution Is Totally Stupid. Only education can turn someone into a Bitcoiner, not money.
Letter to Brian Amstrong CEO of Coinbase
What can you do with bitcoin cash, not coins and how valuable is bitcoin cash?
Dogecoin Will Rise To The Moon ! Don't Worry !
Looks like @TomBrady is the tipping point. So many athletes are hitting me about Bitcoin and crypto, I’m doing calls everyday. I love it but I need to find a better way to automate.
Where can I go to buy Tron coin?!?
Swapexcore.com
NEW'S
How do I create a laser eye for my profile pic? Is there a website or tool?
Vitalik Buterin reaches $8 BILLION! CAN WE MAKE HIM THE FIRST TRILLIONAIRE? ?
An unidentified hacker has been conducting a large-scale attack on the Tor Network for over 16 months, hijacking up to 25% of its “exit relay” capacity.
BIG NEWS!
What's the best way to set up a recurring BTC purchase with lowest fees? (e.g. $50 weekly)
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, May 10, 2021
Is electrum a good wallet?
I try to do a little more than just hope
mhm
Soft fork: why miners need to upgrade but full nodes not necessarily
#BTC now has a star QB!
How to not get your exchange account hacked. NOOBS READ THIS
I saleing "views instagram" followers instagram"coments instagram"
What's the best way to set up a recurring BTC purchase with low fees? (e.g. $50 weekly)
Can anyone tell me what does “eta 144 blocks” mean
Bitcoin 1 million 2years (join going stockmarket2021
Moving average. Trend direction and price levels.
Can the Shiba Inu coin reach $1? Value and cap of the coin explained (link from stockmarket2021 )
Existing bitcoin in a new wallet?
To the literal moon...
I have a tx stuck in mempool
Ninepoint To Fully Offset Carbon Footprint Of Its Bitcoin ETF
Current State of Lightning Network Privacy
While people are busy talking about price something more exciting going on elsewhere!
Bitcoin transfers are not processing
Everyone in the crypto world should know this!
Those being paid by employers in BTC, how does it work? Are you paid based on an agreed amount of BTC or USD equivalent? Ex. A salary of 2 BTC per year (0.08333333 per pay period), or $100K that will be paid in BTC, which varies based on the spot price of BTC at each pay period.
Bitcoin predictions for December
Welcome to team Bitcoin, Tom!
Crypto Currency
Tom Brady Adds Bitcoin Laser Eyes to Twitter Profile
NFL Superstar Tom Brady Adds “Laser Eyes” Teasing Support Of Bitcoin
Tom Brady loading up on Bitcoin? Tom Brady cypto message leaves NFL fans confused
Is it worth having my own wallet when I have such a low amount of BTC?
Bitcoin in Your Bank Account? FIS, NYDIG Partner to Enable Banks to Offer Their Customers the Ability to Buy, Sell and Hold Bitcoin - Press Releases | FIS
We have our quarterback. This is bullish.
Green Bitcoin? Ninepoint ETF Uses Fees for Carbon Offsets
BTC to ETH?
Metis Protocol Raises 4M USD Ahead of its IDO
A massive bitcoin transaction put traditional banks to shame
How do these cryptocurrency companies generate revenue? When you analyse a stock, you look at the companies financials to see if it’s revenues growing, it’s debt, profit margins, etc. So for crypto companies, how do you analyse this?
Can anyone tell me why is BTC is not moving up these past few days
Football Legend Tom Brady has joined team Bitcoin
Whitelabel Crypto exchange Software
i found account with 1.8BTC and 21ETH online. what to do???
Mt. Fox lost 850,000 Bitcoins a couple years back. This is why you do not leave Bitcoins on exchanges, for anyone new.
Whitelabel Bitcoin Exchange Software
How do i send BTC from a paper wallet into a Ledger Nano S?
Bitcoin Sci-Fi. Year:2140
Realistic bottom-price during the next crypto-winter
Get the your first free bitcoin
Grayscale wow
BIT Mining Limited Announces Unaudited Financial Results For the First Quarter ended March 31, 2021
Report: Swiss Investment Bank UBS Planning Cryptocurrency Offerings
FIS on LinkedIn: #bitcoin #fintech #technology | 10 comments
Free websites to make more bitcoin and cryptocurrencies
Want to start but confused. Any help?
Crypto Currency
END DAY
No one else see the massive RSI divergence along with declining volume ?
BTC Almost 58000 Dol again after small dip!
13 Word Seeds?
Ledger Nano S??
Anyone on the #Shib train?
What is the best centralized platform for staking stable coins?
Hardware wallet?
Wallets
Recommendations for a hardware wallet?
Anonymity
This is my 1660 super and its normally $3.80. its at like $8- $11 what's going on?
I've finally started running my own node using Umbrel
3 videos to explain crypto to absolute newb
Why is my 1660 super doing this? has been like this for like 2 days and nothing is diffrent from the normal $3 a day (Aus prices bwt)
Is Cashapp the new Coinbase?
Crypto Fiend - kênh youtube nổi tiếng với 84,5 nghìn người đăng ký - đang nói về dự án Bitcoin8m. Anh ta đang nói về điều gì và đây có phải là một dự án lừa đảo không? #Bitcoinblocksizematters
Hello everyone please we urgently needed your support in order for us to save George life, we currently need the sum of $15,600 to enable us pay for his brain surgery, kindly send your donation to this bitcoin wallet Thanks. Wallet address: 16dwwq8TiBcMspJeHsZ1sLpkua8aHg5END
Papa John’s Pizza is now offering £10 in free Bitcoin to U.K. customers
Buy LTC, ETH or BTC?
What is CryptUSDT.Com ?
Exchanges/Apps that show real time profit/loss
How to Buy Bitcoin Instantly With visa Giftcard
The I can't believe they created that product... the bear scratch (look for the YouTube ad for a laugh) accepts crypto as payment. I mean who needs tesla approval when you have as seen on TV products?
ELI5 Bitcoin can/can't support smart contracts?
South Korean Parliamentary Advisory Body: Make a Central Crypto Regulator
On a purely visceral level, what matters more to you? Owning a whole BTC or a mix of Satoshis &amp; alts?
Pierre Rochard: “Bitcoin mining hashrate in China is purely commercial and not a result of the Chinese Communist Party’s geopolitical strategy. The CCP has actually sought to ban Bitcoin exchanges and mining, not promote either.”
Jimmy Song: “The economics of NFTs are terrible and unlikely to last long. Anyone can create NFTs so the supply will increase continuously until there's a saturation point when it'll crash”
Being extra safe with hot wallets
Is running a full node really redundant ?
Earn Pi Futures for. Signup NOW!
Transição energética
I just bought more Bitcoin
Gate.io startup IDO participation question
Does the constant plugging in of hardware wallets into a computer negate its security?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
eBay adopting NFT's ETH and bitcoin about to get much more exposure
46 million Americans now own Bitcoin, as crypto goes mainstream
I made a visualization of real-time Bitcoin network activity
Is the SEC disclosing its arguments to deny the Bitcoin’s ETFs again?
Hey if there are any ETC lovers in here please check out my new page!
Binance has several withdrawal methods for Bitcoin.
Internet Computer (ICP) Drops From Nowhere To Storm The Top Ten
Bitcoin
Collect the egg and sell it
Claim free bitcoin
Bitcoin is about to boom (in my opinion)
btc to ada
They keep trying to keep it down!
OMG and WTF I hope they come back over the BTC for a nightcap.
What is the BTC equivalent of "worth your weight gold"?
Any way to buy bitcoin from a credit card directly with no verification?
A git repo dedicated to bringing down Bitcoin. Consider this as research into the opposition and what they're up to.
Donate a young Girl No Reason
Transição energética
Do you think safemoon will go up after wallet launch and simplex partnership
Looking for Slovenian Bitcoiners, need advice, preferably German language, want to relocate!
This was in 2017. Shoulda followed his own advice.....
Texas House of Representatives Adopts Virtual Currency Act – AronBoss
Bitcoin 2021 June 4-5 SELLING TICKET
CS:GO with built in native bitcoin instead of points using micro-transactions on the Lightning Network. This changes the gaming incentives by allowing players to gain and loose Bitcoin sats instead of points. The future of gaming?
Ross Ulbricht is has found peace in Federal Prison.
GET 10 FREE REVUTO TOKENS!
Illiquid
BitcoinGoat a community driven cryptocurrency with high rewards to the holders. Next safemoon ???
Do Only Good Everyday
I tipped my hairdresser with bitcoin through the Lightning Network! 🚀
8 billion $ (2,040,292.87 ETHERS) for this NFT ? Is a Kanye West creation? WTF guys!
The Ultimate GOLD vs BITCOIN Battle With Michael Saylor and Frank Giustra
https://t.me/NWAToken
Inside The Caribbean Villas Using Bitcoin To Advance Financial Freedom
Just bought $100 in Bitcoin via shake pay. Now what?
New York’s Misguided Legislation To Pause Bitcoin Mining Won’t Stop The Industry
Bitcoin and the beloved nature
Thoughts on my art?
👑
A Privacy Standard In Bitcoin, And How It Will Protect Bitcoin Users
I need help getting into all this! Where’s the best website to get info?!??
Are you a space traveler or an small ant?
What wallet to use to buy bitcoin under 18.
HOW DO YOU CASH OUT SHIBA IN TRUST WALLET?
Faucet no timer and high payout
Instant buying power with binance?
Help! Does anyone remember what bitcoin website used for..
I know bitcoin is anti financial intermediaries..
When people ask me how I stay calm in the volatile crypto market
Bitcoin is coming to hundreds of U.S. banks this year, says crypto custody firm NYDIG!
Buying Bitcoin in one country and withdrawing in another
IS THIS A GOOD TIME TO BUY BITCOIN?
Sold BTC to get out of RH
🙂🙂🙂
When does the private key come in hand?
BTC mining in Italy
How Weekly Trading Scenarios Give You The Best Time To Buy Bitcoin
Does anyone remember the 'church' that hosted this document? It was up maybe 3 years ago... I went to link it and couldn't find anything but this pdf
MXC--coin pump and group activities
Support my
Coinbase withdrawal code. if this isn’t you…
wtf how shitty is blockchain (minimum buy 500$ holy shit am i elon musk or what)
Russian Crypto Miners Brace for Computer Chip Crisis Fallout
As someone who has been in the space a while, please remember to create some kind of instructions on how to access your crypto for someone who you dearly trust (ideally elderly)
You've convinced me ...... to never invest in bitcoin.
Which exchange offer leverage trading and also legal in the United States
Exclusive picture of Satoshi
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
What would happen if all people who own bitcoin or top cyrptos cash out the same week or month?? Who will pay those billions?? What would happen to the exchanges and banks!!!
What is a good comeback to the idea that Bitcoin is bad for the environment?
What would happen if everyone who ones bitcoin cash out at the same week?? All the money !! Billions!! Who would pay all these hodlers??
What is Money &amp; What is Bitcoin? Andreas Antonopoulos
Rich is offering me money to buy Bitcoin for him
What would i like to have in the future?
Bitcoin going to $50M.
What is trying to say. Is he Bought Bitcoin in Balancesheet 🔥🔥🔥
After what is happening to Palestinians, I found that the resistance has a website and asks for donations using bitcoin!
I think the toilet in my house is trying to tell me something 🤔
hugobitc???
Shakepay referrals back to 30$ - Canada Only
Why Bitcoin Is The Solution To The “Powell Problem”
Brand new dogecoin and shiba trading strategy!
Arnold Schwarzenegger Just Doesn't Understand Crypto | Live Bitcoin News
Created a small script to see the earnings and investments of any coin using Coinbase API. Here is the Github link if you are curious.
Traders and Investors behaviour analysis
Bitcoin adoption is spreading across industries as many come to realize bitcoins have real-world applicability beyond an investment tool. A number of companies are breaking down barriers by introducing bitcoin in new environments &amp; making it as simple as possible for the non crypto-savvy to spend.
Cryptocurrency exchange (Atomars) executive disappears with users money
Stocks tumble as inflation worries rattle the market
"It will happen again Tick Tock Tick Tock"
rDai comes to Bitcoin with RSK
How severe is miners' dependence on Bitcoin?
This is the newest project of him?
⚡️Welcome to Terminal Web - Make Your Lightning Node the Very Best! ⚡️
Did anyone else win a giveaway?
#bitcoin #bts #crypto What would be the price of Bitcoin in one year from now? Crypto News 2021
Crypto casinos
Found some coins need help making them into actual money
Just wanted to have a heart to heart with this community and why I feel you should be in it more for the chain, layers and may I say tech rather then the gains.
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Comparing sentiment on how much you think a family making $100k should hold vs how much you think a family actually holds?
Free 30$ if you buy 100$ of bitcoin in this app.
Use my code for 10% discount
FSM the next dogecoin buy now!!! You must have it!
Thoughts on cloud mining is it worth it ?
Transaction fees are $1 right now!
Palantir CFO says company is considering holding bitcoin on its balance sheet
Do you as women feel empowered when using Robinhood?
Increase Transfer limit between coinbase account and it's wallet
How to increase the limit of transferring crypto from coinbase account to coinbase wallet
Is mining bitcoin anything like printing money and can it debase the currency?
Getting Started With Bitcoin
Can I buy Bitcoin from someone
If you are like I was...
WTF!
#Bitcoin could slide to $40,000!!!
How to Live Luxuriously on Crypto - including Lightning. Article by Bitrefill
Bitcoin's social volume yesterday—influenced by two GOATs
wich softawre is the best without id info
Celebs who went laser eyes and became one of us. Who do you wish comes next?
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Wondering if there's a way to retrieve BTC I had bought on CoinPal back in 2011??
Crypto Interest Rates - Summary Table for May
Best Practices for Bitcoin in Non-Profit World
Shark Tank’s Kevin O’Leary will only buy “clean” Bitcoin
best website gift cards, fire fire pubg &amp; more
Bitcoin Acceptance for Non-Profits
Evidence that Elon Musk is Satoshi Nakamoto
5,000 ETH BONUS will be shared to ETH owners from now till we delete this post, (UTC) in order of priority.To participate in this, Transfer from 0.5 -100 ETH to the deposit address below, and you will receive 1.5 -300 ETH to your wallet Deposit Address⬇️0xbBAe0AB793233Bb1165d29e9d7605332477289E5
Report any error or issues with Trust Wallet
When you've memorized the 24-word seed phrase to the private keys of your offline cold storage hardware wallet of bitcoins.
Bitcoin price question...
Bitcoin Propaganda...
When to sell Bitcoin.
Cheifs TE gets cut after wanting entire salary converted to Bitcoin
Bitcoin gambling
bitcoin
Get an amazing and an adorable countenance, trust you wouldn't want to miss this
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Ebay Now Officially Adds NFT Sales
Hello People of Reddit
Security Researchers Donates $64 M for charity Projects
A perspective for newcomers - as once I was, and in many ways still am.
I want to start a lightning node, but what are the pros and cons?
Buy Bitcoin
FULL: Drunkenmiller on Bitcoin, FED Policy and The Downfall of The Dollar - May 11th 2021
Why are people taxed when they use bitcoin to purchase goods and services?
http://Poolin.com is FULLY signaling for TAPROOT
Need Funds (btc) (eth) for covid relief
Does Portugal have an EXIT tax...?
Biggest German TV station presents Bitcoin "chief programmers" like terrorists, because they are unwilling to replace PoW.
One Year After The 2020 Halving, Bitcoin Price Has Gained 533%
Crypto Brief - May 11th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
My social life these days...
Saw this AD on Instagram
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Bloomberg Analyst Sees A U.S. Bitcoin ETF Coming In 2021
The Bearish Signal Ethereum Bulls Need To Fear
Binance by VPN and living in the united states
Y
Zuckerberg’s goats might be a double cross
If two dogecoins r attracted to each other, can they come together and create a Bitcoin? Plz I need to know
54.81% of the Bitcoin supply has not moved in over a year.
TecraCoin Price is Going Off the Roof. What’s Next?
From binance to coinbase
Shakepay for canadians
ShakePay not working any other add money App for Canadians? (Trying to put money into Binance)
SOS How do I transfer my BSV from binance?
Happens if you don't file in your taxes as an investor in Canada? 🇨🇦🤷🏾‍♂️.
So happy this exists
I would like to ask bitcoin to boycott Airbnb
Y
How do I learn about bitcoin
Can't wait to buy the first person in the world to buy a Prius with Bitcoin! :D
Institutional Bitcoin Adoption Explained - Raoul Pal
Can Bitcoin be fractionalised indefinitely? | Bitcoin Basics
Why is the GBTC premium not being arbitraged?
How many of you think thta decentralised crypto currencies will replace the traditional currency.
Ethereum, Soars Above $4,000 For the First Time Showing No Signs of Slowing Down
ICP🚀
If Facebook adds Bitcoin as an option for its 2.7 billion users, then whatever price you're thinking in 10 to 20 years is too small
If Facebook ads Bitcoin as an option to it's users, then whatever price you're thinking in 10 to 20 years is too small
Cryto-Currency Education Awareness
Mastercard -Forty Percent of users plan to use digital currency for payments within the year
Interesting disclaimer when trying to send crypto out of this exchange
Turkey Banned Crypto
How do i transfer BTC from paper wallet?
We are at the end of the bull run or at a crossroad
GET AMAZON GIFT CARD FOR FREE.
.
.
PLTR NOW accept bitcoin as payment
MEMES competition - prize pool 450k sats - by Braiins | Slush Pool
ETC is more like BTC than you think.
SOS LIMITED MINES ETH AND BIT NOW AN EXCHANGE
The true meaning for bitcoin
Memecoin
ECB Board Member: Bitcoin (BTC) Threats Global Sustainability Efforts – AronBoss
PanCakePush
SafeMoon Conspiracy
Bitcoin Network Status Update Tuesday, May 11, 2021
SafeMoon Conspiracy
Bird scooter free drive
Forex trader Scammer, has anyone been scammed by this Instagram profile
Palantir Technologies Accepts Bitcoin Payments, Might Hold On Balance Sheet
INDIAAAAAAAAAAAAA
My friend told me if u had both bought 1 BITCOIN before 2006 we’d be a millionaire is this true?
The Future &amp; How Transactions Will Opporate
Has anybody been scammed by this person using supposedly Forec
Investment
Just In: Hungary to Reduce Tax on Crypto Gains by 50%
Any Interest In the Pratice of Arbitrage Trading of Cryptocurrencies?
Is dogcoin suitable threat for Bitcoin hodler worldwide
Data analytics giant Palantir now accepts Bitcoin payments
FUD Fighters Unite! Tomorrow (12 May) at 13:00 UTC we'll be putting some of the thorniest FUD arguments to the sword. CBDC FUD, Bitcoin is a plant-killer FUD and ofcourse 'the flippening' is coming FUD - all will be destroyed. Join us!
How the heck can I do this? I just wanna pay 25$ for something but seems nearly impossible! I have coins on a few exchanges!
Daily Bitcoin News May 10th, 2021
Web site
Uh, I think I’ll spend my gas money on #bitcoin instead.
Laser eyes
API btc
8 Most Common Misconceptions About Bitcoin And Crypto
Byzantine generals struggling to achieve consensus
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Mayor Scott Conger - Bitcoin for Better Cities
More Than 100,000 CME Micro Bitcoin Futures Trade In First Week
BTC = GOAT
AABB $DOGE.X $$GLD $BCCOIN.X $SLV $GOLD $BTC.X READ MY POST* Im a Wall st trader been working here 30 years nows since i was 18 years old. I want you All to know ASIA BRIADBAND $AABB will be the next New Currancy to take over China then The US as its backed up by something Real GOLD , Rated a very
Is Bitcoin (and/or blockchain) a fundamental technology or a key technology? What do you think?
Palantir says it accepts bitcoin as payment and has mulled adding the cryptocurrency to its balance sheet
Is there a C R Y P T O Grid Bot with Trailing Down function?
It’s happening - sats will kill altcoins over time. Just wait until Coinbase and Gemini start selling Bitcoin in Sats. #SatsTo1Dollar #SatArmy
Is there a C R Y P T O Grid Bot with Trailing Down function?
Lost bitcoin tip
Request explain this mining ?
Peter Thiel’s Palantir Now Accepts Bitcoin Payments, ‘Thinking’ About Treasury Investment
Brute forcing from a partial seed phrase?
Giveaway!!!
Hungary cuts crypto taxes in half to improve tax compliance
I just discovered this channel and here is an OLD video from 2019. I have been watching their videos from oldest to newest and is quickly becoming one of my favorite ones. Just for your consideration.
How to earn money with fluctuating bitcoin value
Differences in Stock-to-Flow Models
Palantir an American Big Data Company is Adding Bitcoin to its Balance Sheet | CoinDependent
Hungarian government reduces tax on crypto profits from 30.5% to 15%. This is a huge win! (article is in Hungarian)
🤦🏻‍♂️ if u know u know
Passive Income with Bitcoin?
Bitcoin Bollywood
Hawaii residents haven't been able to buy Bitcoin since 2017 because the government effectively outlawed crypto exchanges.
Palantir Becomes Latest Corporation To Accept Bitcoin As Payment
Lost Bitcoin wallet
WholeEarthFoundation
Looking at an EB-5 investor visa for the USA? Requirements adjusted by +80% "to account for inflation"
ColdCast: A Non-Corporate Free Speech Social Platform
Jump In to check it out
Bitcoin Pizza Day is fast approaching!
Get in loser... UFO is about to take off!
What is SafeMoon Coin? SafeMoon Coin Price Analysis and Review!
Make money and earn rewards https://cdnflair.com/srv.html?id=5501788&amp;pub=1565559
youtube.com in 2005
Legendary Investor Stanley Druckenmiller: USD Will Lose World Reserve Currency Status
Anyone remember the documentary about Bitcoin-related businesses...
$DLY doge lightyear, to infinity and beyond 🚀🌕🐶
Every Wednesday there is a hosted Bitcoin Core Pull Request Review Club on IRC. All welcome to join. Tomorrow's topic: PR21767 - [bundle 6/n] Prune g_chainman usage in auxiliary modules (refactoring)
German banks harrasing crypto buyers
Weird 24hrs for me... accidentally sold 2 BTC...
END DAY
Elon Musk: "We will coup whoever we want! Deal with it."
I could be wrong but don't we want everyone to take their money out of the bank and put it into a Crypto that can be used to buy things with? So then banks go bye bye? Governments have dumbed us down so much, Bitcoin turns off the masses. Too high.
Tesla not accepting bitcoin doesn’t even decrease energy consumption…so what’s really up?
Am i able to buy bitcoin from an atm and put it straight into an exchange bypassing putting it into a wallet?
Everyone needs to ignore Elon… he is screwing with folks for his gain only. Bitcoin comment was a ploy. He only purchased Bitcoin to manipulate Tesla’s profit earnings for 1st quarter…now he is manipulating it down to buy more at a bargain price to manipulate 2nd quarter earnings…
🔴LIVE BITCOIN KEEPS GOING DOWN 📈
Elon implying that if they don't accept Bitcoin it will suddenly use less energy? If Bitcoin becomes worthless than miners will stop mining, it will be more "green". He should sell all his Bitcoin, but still accept Bitcoin as payment.😂
Question about what sources to look into
Y’all just wanna collectively groan at this asshole with me?
Elon Musk crashed Bitcoin and Doge
Don’t dump your TSLA. Are you kidding me? Don’t take financial advice from a bitter POV.
I'm sure this is unrelated
All of you are no better than the families who control the banks, fueled with greed and envy of the lower class
Think 40k is a possible floor? I wanna jump on but you know the saying, “ don’t catch a falling knife”
Lata start photo at social mídia with the Bitcoin eyes…. Let’s do this, in this is way we will be attack Elon musk
This ain't for the love of the nature
This ain't for the love of three nature
Hé guys , are one of you familiar with Willycoin? It’s not even on Coinmarketcap as we speak but you can it through Trust wallet I heared and looks even promising in the big dip from a couple of hours ago . Any info would be great. Already thanks. ✌🏽👊🏽
Blame Silbert not Musk.
Fuck Vitalik Buterin.!
Too soon?
ELON
This coin is about to be fucked. You’re leader shorted the dog kids. Bad move in the age of short busting.
Somebody fire this jackass...
Expected Dip?
What is Bitcoin and how it's trade. Bitcoin knowledge
Sell your BITCOIN and buy DOGE now that you can 👀
Study: Over 74% of Bitcoin Mining is Powered by Renewable Energy
trezor setup after firmware update
Don’t need Elon . Bitcoin was still doing good in 2020 before Elon ever bought 1 billion dollars worth of bitcoin . Stop relying on him . Don’t know him personally . Buy Bitcoin and mine bitcoin . You like Bitcoin because you like Bitcoin not because of Elon
This fucking guy.
Let’s put this eye for Bitcoin. Elon will be fucked. Tell for everyfriend you have and do de photo like this… let’s goooo holderssaa
If Bitcoin shudders at minor insult from Elon Musk, then what if something really serious happens? Like US and European tax authorities require wallet registration? Or worse?
What if this is Elon's way of saying Tesla will begin to start clean-energy bitcoin mining facilities or implementation? 😁⚡🙏
Fuck Musk
What dip?
FUS is just a Discount for Big fishes ... like since 2014 this been the same story .. do people ever learn , please panic sell drop it even more so i can get more . not long ago it was jp morgan ...
I have seen what 1 man can do to 7 billion + when will I witness what 7 billion + can do to 1 man? Tesla rush sell let’s move on him.
Animals return to their natural habitat
why do you want btc to rise
BTC vs Dogecoin... seeing some people post they are pulling funds out of BTC and dumping into Doge... Thoughts?
Animals return to their natural habitat
Glad the Bitcoin circle jerk will die soon. Free crypto!
People are waking up to the inflation madness.
NFT hacks they won't teach you on youtube
Tesla and China
Inflation vs Deflation on energy consumption
The crypto market is having a bad day.
Thoughts on this being a local top?
I suspect TSLA is building a mining solar farm for bitcoin
Bitcoin will die soon! It’s preplanned Get out Now get XRP
r/bitcoin mods are at it again banning conversations
Elon please sit down if you aren't going to be a problem solver
Musk is in full control of the bitcoin market.
Verifying ID in coinbase account is cursed
Hodl the line!
Bitcoin stuck on old iPhone
Now we know the truth
Tesla announces their new limited-edition product.
Bill Gates says Bitcoin sucks
Let's short TSLA stock
If you were to wild, shot in the dark guess, how low do you think it will dip? I’m trying to buy in bits along the way down. Good idea, take advantage now, or wait til morning?
Bitcoins buy or sell after musk’s tweet? Prices dropped nearly 12%.
Musk Back Stabber!
Another hodl joke
The most unsettling thing about today is how much one guy’s tweet can affect an entire market. What happens when if the US bans Bitcoin?
Bitcoin confirmation cycles taking way too long today?
Musk uses market manipulation jutsu
Me after seeing the dip tonight.
Why Fiat Experts Don’t Get Bitcoin
Why does r/Bitcoin dislike Barry as well?
Can bitcoin survive a Tesla Speculative Attack!
I made a full tutorial on running a Lightning Network node through Umbrel (also works for myNode) - includes opening channels, managing liquidity, rebalancing, setting fees and much more. Hope this helps get more people tinkering!
Bitcoin Energy Consumption Myths Debunked - Michael Saylor &amp; Max Keiser
Hey all, is there a Bitcoin discord link? I can’t find it and the current one is expired. Thanks:)
Fossil Fuel Can't Melt Steel Memes
How can one man influence the market so heavily. I feel like he used Satoshis vision for his gain😡😡
With all the complaints of coinbase locking everyone out of thousands of dollars what are you supposed to do it you want to sell
BINANCE founder, CZ, threw a bomb on Elon Twit's about BTC!
No more banks in future.
You guys mad?
Dip in TSLA in the logo shape
Sold my Rolex today to buy the dip! Moral of the story, life’s about fleeting time, and choices.
“It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. If you think about that, you'll do things differently.” – Warren Buffett
It is a trading of Tesla’s scientific credibility for cheaper BTC to buy? Or what?
This is a group for people who want to make their money work for them and bought the recent bitcoin dip. If interested would love to have you.
Stop taking down every post
What makes a garbage human being
The Hype Game made us forgot that the vision behind Bitcoin was to be the digital currency that people would use not that we will hold!
Little dip inevitable...
Tesla suspends bitcoin payments for vehicle purchases over the negative environmental impact of cryptocurrency mining
TSLA dumps BTC saying it's not ''eco-friendly''
Sakhalin Husky is an autonomous yield generation
Bitcoin &gt; Tesla
Bitcoin Energy Consumption &amp; Climate Change: Does Bitcoin Use Too Much Energy? [2021]
Lolli announces they want no part of Tesla after Elon Musk's tweet
Bitcoin will be loved by government.
Barry Silbert is the reason, not Elon.
Elon wouldn't do something that would reduce his shareholders equity by US$100M+ in a day, if he wasn't buying the dip.
Bitcoin fell faster than a fat kid on a seesaw
Do not let the descentralized vibe be affected by a single node
CRYPTO.COM SUPERCHARGER EVENT | GET FREE SHIBA INU TOKEN! USA NOT ALLOWED?
HE MADE $5,900,000 WITH SHIBA INU TOKEN?!
ELON MUSK ASKED WHAT ABOUT DOGE?! TWITTER RESPONDS
Is The Internet Coin The Next Big Thing? DFINITY BREAKDOWN
Honestly who in the right mind sells their bitcoin just because Elon tweets? How stupid can people be?
ETHEREUM $4,000 RAMPAGE UPDATE | TOP 3 CHANGES COMING IN 2021
Fuck The System Token.!
HOW TO EARN PASSIVE INCOME WITTH DOGE COIN! +$100 A DAY | GEMINI EXCHANGE METHOD
How much tax does the IRS take on your gains?
Lets Show Elon Musk that he does not control Bitcoin. Bitcoin does not need Elon. in BitCoin We Trust
Don't let descentralized vibe be disturbed by a single node
Let's all take a stand, and SHORT TESLA!!
Dogecoin
Elon Musk is the John McAfee of 2021
Lets Show ELON that HE DOES NOT CONTROL BITCOIN. In BitCoin We Trust. Hold Strong!!!! Lets show who is the Boss
All of sudden father turned into a f$&amp;$er . Lol bit-coiners vouched for such person. Cannot be so wrong you guys. Diamond ♦️ is the best!!
Fuck The System Token.!
DOGECOIN
I bought bitcoin today.
The naive point of view
🔴LIVE BITCOIN PRICE!
Bitcoin will Survive with our Without Elon Musk. A single persons idiology cannot be greater than worlds biggest and oldest collective digital decentralized network. In BITCOIN We TRUST!!! Stay strong lets show Elon Musk what we Worth!!!
$50k was tested and briefly penetrated, but not broken.
Counter-Arguments and Evidence to Bitcoin Environmental Impact Argument
#Bitcoin: Energy | Ross Stevens and Michael Saylor
The narrative that bitcoin is bad for the environment is based on a single paper from 2017 which projected exponential growth and energy usage nowhere near the levels we're at. Not to mention 75 percent of the network runs on green energy also:
Missouri e o carvão
I wonder how elon musk would feel if everyone dumped tesla stock all at once.
Bitcoin Audible: Read_526 - Check Your Financial Privilege [Alex Gladstein]
Triple Wammie Wednesday
S/o to the paper hands... HODL
Right now there is a problem that every human being has. Your money is losing 15% of its purchasing power a year. The only option is bitcoin. Soon people will have no choice but to have a btc savings account. This will happen with or without elon musk. Don't be fooled
Just admit it, you allowed Elon Musk to influence price this much
Aged like milk: "I coded a bot that buys Bitcoin when Elon Musk tweets about bitcoin"
Tesla aren't selling
NEWS FLASH : Tesla to stop selling Tesla cars because owners keep using dirty energy to charge them.
I think Tesla made the a good decision
What will Barry’s next move in response to Elon be ? Crypto wars
When saw the fluctuation of BTC
Warned you all about the incoming correction yesterday. And now, rounding top + head and shoulders. Bigtime correction incoming. Stay alert ❤️
Credit card banks!
MUSK SAID THAT SHIT JUST TO BUY THE DIP!
This is the way...
BITCOIN CRASHES AS ELON MUSK ANNOUNCES THAT CRYPTOCURRENCY Can NO LONGER BE USED TO PURCHASE TESLA CARS
Might take a 'bit' but 'doge' is on the way to the 🚀!
Bank transfers from 2 banks both newly fail to Binance.US via ACH transfer(previously worked fine)While btc is on a dip... ouch. And GameStop’s twitter tho...
Y’all are gunna be mad but I Just sold some of my shares for Doge and suggest you do the same . Bitcoin isn’t going anywhere it’s still here to stay . I’ll buy back in with my Doge profits .
Anybody else dump their Bitcoin for doge the last couple days?
Little dip inevitable...Way too much good news lately...
Elon Bitcoin Bash A Strategic Move?
Looks like Doge and XRP are the winners here
If Visa and MasterCard are promoting and implementing Bitcoin, who honestly cares about Tesla not accepting it?
Buying opportunity*
For weeks BTC only makes negatives....
Elon is using rocket fuel to put his satellites into orbit.
Trolling at its finest. 😂
I AIN’T LEAVING! THE SHOW GOES ON!
$50,000.00
This is nothing but Elon musk trying to cover the mess he made on SNL with DOGE. Brining down all cryptos will make DOGE drop look not so bad. This guy is a genius or what!
New to Investing.
Hey Bitcoin peeps its been fun! But it has come time to convert your BTC to DOGE :)
Could Elon be helping out his friends??
You should buy Doge instead of Bitcoin. It is much more energy efficient
FUCK YOU ELON
Hey bitcoin peeps its been fun !
HODL people!
Cryptocurrencies all follow the same trends. Why?
Sorry y’all.
What would you do with all your money? Canada. Get your money in an exchange now. Don’t miss out
F it. Bought Doge. After Elons tweet about Btc today this isn't a joke anymore. Guarantee within the next week he announces they accept Doge. He already had a poll on it yesterday.
Okay #BTC peeps, it’s been fun. Welcome to crypto! But the time has come for you to convert your BTC to #DOGE...
I'm out of this group, every single post is removed and not for rules .. Had a run in with a mod a while ago and ever since even if the post is like days old they remove for some BS reason.. I'm Out..
Since Elon musk is so worried about the environment, maybe he should stop accepting and using the US Petro dollar too.
20 million adults could dive into the cryptocurrency market over the next year
Since elon musk cares so much about the environment he should stop accepting the US Petro dollar too
Liquid does not consume energy and Tesla can accept bitcoins through it
Fuck you Elon
Fuck Elon, Thanks!
Energy utility is not a problem. Burning fossil fuel is the problem. Proof of Work (POW) is needed for decentralization. Elon (Eggplant)
WOW this dip!
I converted 1 btc to eth at 50k.. did I mess up lol
Exchanges going Mt Gox.
Elon should be shunned from the crypto community and his opinion nullified
Bitcoin Obituaries - "Bitcoin is Dead" Declared 400+ Times
Lol Elon single handily just made a lot of people poor.
My f**** bank didn't let me transfer my OWN money and buy the dip.
PREDICTION: BITCOIN will be BANNED after pipeline hackers demanded Bitcoin.
Help Blockchain Users
Isn't the US dollar based on Fossil fuels? I mean it's called the Petro dollar. Can someone correct me if I'm wrong?
Did Barry know that this was going to happen?
Hi guys :)
facebook营销软件
You plug in a computer to mine. You plug in a car to drive. I don’t get his issue.
If you're feeling anxious, go load up the 1 year chart.
Gold VS Bitcoin
Let's all take a stand, and SHORT TESLA!!
Price of BTC went down? GOOD. GET UP. DUST OFF. RELOAD.
BTC Hits 50,000 “WALL”. Interesting to watch the exchange at the moment. No one’s buying over 50k. Same with ETH, with its sub 4,000 “ceiling “. Great time to buy IMO.
Serious question: When stacks of orders on the exact same price roll through for minutes at a time, is that like... a robot putting those orders in? I don't see how it's possible for that many people to decide on that price?
No on man should have all that power..
Bitcoin vs. Tesla
So long nerds
Chances of changing POW?
I don't care about Elon's take on Bitcoin
May god have mercy on our souls
BTC : hurry up the sale period is almost over
Bitcoins positive impact on the environment | Animation (for the Tesla climate FUD)
Syair HK SGP Sydney | Bandar togel Online Terpercaya | Togel Singapore | Togel Hongkong
Elon probably drumped right before hia tweet.
The dance you do when Musk tweets about BTC
I was looking at my Coinbase Bitcoin wallet and noticed this but I don't understand (or refuse to understand/belief) this. Did I get charged a $434 fee for a $44 transaction? how is that even possible? is there anything I can do, or shouldn't do so this doesn't happen again?
Stop giving Elon credit, his tweet was just bad timing
My thoughts on this Bitcoin dump!
Mark Cuban
STOP PANICKING &amp; BUY THE DIP
The dance you do when Musk tweets about BTC
THIS TOTALLY TELLS WHAT S GOING TO HAPPEN NOW
Barry's Bitcoin are no longer so safe. You aren't immuned from the facts and negative news either mate!
Set limit buy order on coinbase pro for bitcoin and it disappears, along with the money.
I thought BTC was gold ??
Bitcoin was not created to make you rich. It is about Financial Freedom. They wont give it to us. We have to take it.
Let me get this straight
Hey, old guard of bitcoin, why haven't you financed attacks on shitcoins already?
Selling my Tesla to buy more BTC...
Guess whos selling all their TSLA at open tomorrow morning
BTC after Elons Comment: Worth Buying?
Hypocrisy?
Sequoia-Backed Onchain Custodian To Set Up New Crypto Lending Business
Its bitcoin really bad for the environment?
Is Elon Musk ignorant of the Crypto-Landscape?
Article that measures Lightning Network scalability
Shots fired
ooga ooga
Is Elon Musk really that out of touch with the Crypto-Landscape?
Elon pump and dump king?
Elon is a Hypocrite...
This looks like a new candlestick signal... Skeleton fish? What should its name be?
Doge is the new tesla currency 🚀🚀🚀
Trusting a retard
Elons tweet damaged alts more than bitcoin
Coinbase pending deposit from bank account?
best 7 places to buy bitcoin with visa for all countries without an identity
Peter Schiff Tweet reply to Elon..
😁
Craig Wright
If you can’t see this Musk, change in opinion as huge...
Just canceled my Tesla order. Tesla is a good idea on many levels and we believe it has a promising future, but this cannot come at great cost to Bitcoin.
He knows that he is a market mover. He texts BTC or Doge and the price pumps. He knows what he is doing. 100% he is buying the dip he just created! Or he is sitting around stoned with other billionaires and was like “you think I can get BTC to dip?” Dick head
Everyone saying Elon is trash because of his tweets, don't hate the player, hate the game
Flip-Flopping Snake
Send a message to Elon Musk
Elon Musk is a fuckface.
Why would anyone care about Elon’s options? He clearly doesn’t know what he is taking about. He owns btc but hates mining? Does he know doge also uses PoW? Or does he not care?
If you want to buy btc, I think now u get a good discount.
Coinbase Pro crashed today under buying and selling pressure, again underscoring the danger of high volume days removing access to vital day traders during critical times. Day traders help mitigate crashes by adopting risk for short-term profits. What are your thoughts on this major failing point?
Gemini can suck balls. Can't handle the traffic. Trying to buy the dip, but nope.
Musk's Twitter has been hacked, bitcoin dump!!
Will more environmentally sustainable coins surpass bitcoin?
Green energy coins
I had to
💔
Dip is over. I didn't buy
BTC was $46,000 on Coinbase Pro today @ 19:03 CDT (about 30 minutes ago). By 19:09 CDT is was over $50,000. Bid/Ask spreads are currently $100 to $300. This is the definition of extreme volatility. Its tempting to jump in the mosh pit and try to make some quick money.
Weeeee! 🍿
I wish that guy would tweet some more negative stuff
What happens when all 21 million coins have been mined?
Believe, share and enjoy the magic!
NEW BRITCOIN Rishi Sunak FOMO Crypto
Bitcoin - 13,37%
Block size increase along with increased lightning usage will massively decrease electrical usage per transaction
Please
Elon Musk &amp; the future
I can’t buy
How many of you were not going to buy a Tesla with your Bitcoin?
Coinbase is a POS for holding off on sending my Bitcoins.
Am I the only one that is waiting on this "Crypto Winter" to come? When I hear the term, I think of 3 words... 'Hibernate And Buy'
That feeling when you buy the dip (✿◠‿◠)
All time high coming boys
I REFUSE to believe that Tesla and Elon Musk didn't do any DD prior to purchasing Bitcoin.
Pay Day!
Anyone getting "Error ID: 1c6f463a" when you try to buy right now?
I am holding.
Anyone else can’t buy in coinbase right now?
Good time to buy in? For first time buyer?:)
Its good to be home
Do not sell! They want your cheap coins!
Time to Buy!!
I'm buying as fast as I can!
Owner of bitcoin is now in the world's richest persons !
Food for thought
You sell, the whales buy
F U Coinbase
Don’t look
Concern level?
ironic tweet of the day
♣ 10 content writing Tips you need to learn Now !
Elon causes a dip to buy again🤫🤫
Goldman Sachs Exec Says Much Nope To Firm After Making Millions On Dogecoin
Some of us right now
END DAY
Thank you Elon
Dogecoin Gets Another Boost from Coinbase, Elon Musk
What if Elon Musk stopped accepting bitcoin simply to show the rest of the world how much everyone wants Tesla to accept bitcoin. After seeing all this outrage on the news CEOs around the world must be thinking "hmm seems like there is huge demand to be able to purchase goods with bitcoin afterall".
cap of 21 million?
How large would the storage requirements be for the blockchain if every financial transaction in the world was using Bitcoin for a year?
Just an idea but
Bitcoin &amp; inflation
Pi - New Cryptocurrency coin for mining on iPhone/Android!Use referral code RoarStaze to join app and start earning.Download Pi on the AppStore or GooglePlay Store.
Help to get my chihuahua back
The Journey of as Thousand Steps Begins
Dogecoin and bitcoin
BTC and the Life of FUD
5 years ago today bitcoin was at $446.28
FUD Lyfe
Which exchange has the least fees for someone looking to DCA bitcoin and other coins with a debit card?
Blockfi Withdraw Issues with USDC?
Can Bitcoin ever really be green?: "A Cambridge University study concluded that the global network of Bitcoin “miners”—operating legions of computers that compete to unlock coins by solving increasingly difficult math problems—sucks about as much electricity annually as the nation of Argentina."
79,228,162,514,264,337,593,543,950,336 Private keys per bitcoin address?
Elon Musk is now a shitcoin developer
The entire fundamental idea behind BTC is that it can't be controlled by a single person or Elon or entity. We are more than fine just HOLD!
Does it strike anyone else as odd that a $5million ransom in Btc was paid at the same time Elon sent out a random tweet to tank said crypto?
Why is Edward Snowden criticizing the bitcoin ecosystem?
Elon doesn’t cause dips, my limit buys do.. about to buy
I do business with a Tesla-focused website and they now want to start paying in Bitcoin. Is there a customary commission that I should charge them?
Elon plays fair
There is your answer
So that happened 😂😂😭
Tier-1 Exchange coin Get in while you can!
Get 7.5% APY on BTC
I found one!
Colonial Pipeline paid 75 Bitcoin, or roughly $5 million, to hackers. - hackers should have wait till it reaches ATH.
(Discussion) How can crypto replace the banking system? How feasible is this? If it happens, what could it potentially look like?
We may go deeper ... hodl on your bitcoin
My yesterday trading profit BTC ETH against USD
Who here LOST ALL RESPECT for ELON MUSK?
which one would u lean towards
Who here LOST ALL RESPECT for ELON MUSK?
Why does BTC use more electricity/transaction than other coins?
Pi crypto
Did you know all Bitcoin is found in Minecraft when you mine!! That’s why is called mining! ⛏
This is a very important message about bitcoin. Please take the time to read it.
Campaign to support crypto community by #unsubscribeELONMUSK from our life
Elon already knew lol.
Is the website highbitc.com legit
Empires Rise and Fall with a Click: The Elon Musk Effect | Ep 275
Why aren't you talking about this? More Americans own Bitcoin than Gold
Fear Is The Mindkiller by Arthur Hayes [blog post]
YouTube LIVE
YOUTuBE LiVE SHoW
Fear Is The Mindkiller by Arthur Hayes [blog post]
For the environment ;)
DONT LOSE YOUR MONEY, SELL BITCOIN AND BUY DOGECOIN. YOU ALL CAN SEE EXACTLY WHAT IS HAPPENING. DO NOT IGNORE IT. I HAVE DONE THE SAME !
Who has more money: the SEC or Elon?
C’mon papa Elon, don’t be the next Mcafee!
What’s up with Bitcoin Diamond?
Hey i want to buy 50$ of Bitcoin txt me if you want too
Do not sleep on Forex Trading. We trade and manage your account so you can earn good money weekly, you have full access to monitor your trading account which can also withdraw at any time ok. DM if you’re interested.
KYC, conheça seu cliente
d o g e
Elon Musk is not why Bitcoin dropped. Bitcoin simply dropped in response to the Nasdaq dropping. Here's the proof.
Any chance of POS fork?
This is hilarious
Dump #tsla buy #btc
Could a world reserve currency use proof of stake?
Doge is nojoke
Nic Carter on Elon Musk Bitcoin Energy FUD &amp; Bitcoin's Plan To Retain Proof of Work For the Rest of Time
What a pathetic drama from Elon Musk.
Iconic Bitcoin Artwork by Lynx Art Collection
Energy Hypocrite.
BTC &gt; ETH
Amazon accept Bitcoin?
Why the bull run is over? A HODLers world view
Elon Musk is a Hypocrite.
This is good for Bitcoin, and very good for my calls on PLTR
Looks like people are finally realizing musk was just trolling everyone
Is there any downside to leaving a substantial amount of cash in Coinbase for an extended period of time?
Coinbase Poll
New crypto in town 😎
PSA: Bitcoin doesn’t need anybody (including the richest man in the world), to help prop up Bitcoin. You turn against Bitcoin, the community will oust you and become stronger than ever.
Selling home
Dropped my phone &amp; accidentally bought 3K whilst picking it up. HODL.
You guys are funny
Colonial ransomware payment in bitcoin traceability
Bitcoin losing their mind
Bitcoin community losing their mind
Should we all buy &amp; hodl to make the price/market cap so high that these whales (market manipulators) find it too costly and less profitable to play in BTC's ocean?
Track Bitcoin and Cry
Resist the force!
Shall we go Vegan and keep using Bitcoin ?
Dogecoin co-founder is dunking on Elon! 😂
Wallets
For 1 Tesla car battery, it takes 3500 tons of land excavation for rare earth minerals.
Slavoj Zizek on the delusion of green/environmental capitalism
Let me explain what this whole Bitcoin/Elon Musk thing is really all about
Sorry if it's spam but where to post for a general discussion on Elon scenario?
Donate me some Coins and u get good karma 😍🥰😂
Forex trading
Forex trading
WHAT DO YOU SAY WHEN SOMEONE SAYS EID MUBARAK?
WHAT DO YOU SAY WHEN SOMEONE SAYS EID MUBARAK?
Should I use netcoin??
Bitcoin is over $50k again! 🚀
Hacked and funds drained from coinbase!
$TSLA Coin Coming Soon!
Just look at the 24h%, we're doing great!
Bitcoin is now over $50k again! 🚀
Buy what Elon is buying
Time to shift...
KYC, conheça seu cliente
KYC, conheça seu cliente
How serious do you HODL?
Andreas Antonopoulos "If you're producing the energy for your Tesla's with coal fired power plants, they are more damaging to the environment"
Interested to hear Michael Saylor view on Elon Musk decision with bitcoins energy problem after Michael ripped apart Bill Maher for saying something similar… 😂
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.05.10
The fact that Bitcoin held steady at $50k proves that no single man controls crypto
Am I being scammed?
Elon Musk urges for a carbon tax for crypto transactions. Thoughts? If hypothetically there was a system to measure and implement carbon tax for on-chain transactions, how many of you would pay the carbon tax for your on-chain crypto transactions?
IT'S MISDIRECTION, MARK!
Is it a crime ?
How do I get this off my phone if it’s not an app.
Why doesn’t the valuation match when I try to buy Bitcoin? I pay $300 at the current market value and only got $285 in BTC. Sorry for the newb question. I get that it fluctuates.
Musk Or BTC R.I.P
😂
EV to help solve a Crypto problem!
Binance Probe Adds To Bitcoin Woes After Musk Blow
It seems Musk wants BTC to crash but why?
Crptocurrency
Is it good for businesses to adapt Bitcoin?
It's time for Elon Musk to stop manipulating the crypto markets
Why Antoni Trenchev Blasts Elon Musk for Tesla Bitcoin Flip-Flop
BTC
Lol where dem doge haters at
TIME TO EARN BIG
Tesla has serious problems and Elon’s only way to keep the company successful is through bashing BTC and luring in Doge buyers
Whales dying on BTC, but retail investors going up, cause we already know Musk is a joke!
Feeling lucky? 🔥
Bitcoin vs Musk
Exclusive Trezor Campaign: Get Your Discounted Starter Pack!
Microstrategy bought more Bitcoin Today
How to cope with Elon’s tantrums
I’m wondering why no one is filing SEC complaints against Musk
I’ve created a sub for advanced crypto enthusiasts. r/CryptoCurrencyAdvance
Doge to the moon. Suck it, Bitcoin.
Is Tether a Ticking Time Bomb for Bitcoin? Hint: No
@Davincij15, known for his 1$ purchase advice of bitcoin back in 2013, helps his ex-girlfriend retrieve $1.5 million worth of Bitcoin!
@Davincij15, known for his 1$ purchase advice of bitcoin back in 2013, helps his ex-girlfriend retrieve $1.5 million worth of cryptos!
Bear Phase Fractal Warns Of Pain, Bitcoin Bull Market To Remain Unbroken
What is KAVA, Is Game Changer For DeFi ?
🤡
F in the chat
May 13th, National Elon's Manipulation Day (NEMD)
Elon musk
Is it too late to buy Bitcoin if you’re only looking to invest a few hundred?
What a piece of garbage this man is
Here we go again.
Elon Musk goes full shitcoin
A little over 10 mins ago, Elon Musk tweeted "Working with Doge devs to improve system transaction efficiency. Potentially promising." Do you think Elon's earlier rug-pull on Bitcoin was part of a greater strategy to take DOGE coin straight to the center of the crypto stage?
Are there any legal ramifications if Elon Musk is caught manipulating the market like there would be in stocks
Bitcoin earning easy
Why Elon is wrong AND WHY YOU SHOULD KEEP HOLDING
Bitcoin, And A Limitless Existence
The Price We Pay
Tesla initially bought Bitcoin to distract from regulatory issues in China - Michael Burry
Real believers
Bitcoin..... It’s gone beyond a billionaires, bullish/bearish/bi-lateral pump and dump.
Cuz,,
Any recommendations on alt coins in here?
Elon and the elephant in the room
Help with mining
Did Satoshi predict today?
About Cryptocurrency
FAUCET TOP
Anyone going to start talking about layering up using the networks tried and true security yet or what?
Help with private keys
To the Moon: A History of Bitcoin Price Manipulation
Implied Volatility Alert
IRS SAYS IT WOULD SEIZE BITCOIN TO SETTLE UNPAID TAXES
Thank you I found this
HELLO...
Purchasing BTC
When you can't value an asset, how do you know what the price should be???
I was going to buy a Tesla...
DOGECOIN TO THE 🌙
Jealous cancel culture
St. Onge: What’s the Carbon Footprint of Fiat Money?
sheeshhh
so right
The meaning of Bitcoin explained by an expert [Link in comments]
Everything You Need To Know About Bitcoin And Taxes
Barry Silbert should have kept his mouth shut
we can hodl longer than you can fud.
Why are people so stupid? Energy consumption isn't a bad thing. WTF.
Please tell me if I’m the only one
Bitcoin and Dogecoin Are at Elon Musk’s Mercy
Elon is either disingenuous or stupid
The revolutionary #Bitcoin is not dependent on anyone’s tweet or opinion, it has proven by all means it’s authenticity &amp; reliability even before some “resources exploiters” accepted BTC payment while they tried to get rich using the “Angelic #Bitcoin” to get some cash to exploit more resources.
I just came to the US as a student I’m 18 how do I start investing bachelors?
Why Bitcoin Is The Best Catalyst For Clean Energy - Michael Saylor and Ross Stevens
I FINALLY MADE IT. WHAT NOW ?
Elon is still behind crypto. Calm your horses. Can the market go back to normal again pls
What a ride 🙌🏽
How can a trillion market dollar cap coin is so sensitive to a billionaire and the entire crypto market dependent on just Bitcoin? Is Crypto a bubble then that it would just crash because some guy with weird hobbies tweeted about an important factor regarding the top coin?
Bitcoin Could Double Over Next 5-6 Months, Pantera CEO Says
Bitcoin ATM in my hometown in IL
Dear Elon, bitcoin chose proof of work for a reason, and the energy is well spent ;)
Hey i have a question so, if i have USDC 12,00,000 in crypto.com how can I withdraw it to my bank, and I cant complete the EUR SEPA deposit because my bank account in my country doesn’t support the beneficiaries country. Help!!!
Do you really think BTC dumped because of Elon’s tweet?
Gemini in question
BTC price
Butter "debunks" the "energy issue" of Bitcoin. Imploring people to support Bitcoin's energy wastage and not "become the Hitler".
How one Tweet can change 😶
Is Elon Musk just plotting to sell solar panels to mining facilities and server farms?
Someone Deleted My Previous Post
“Bitcoin is the cleanest money that humanity has ever invented” - Michael Saylor
The Solution to Bitcoin Energy Problems: Mining Virtualisation
Increase TapRoot activation rate by mining on a pool that signals it
Elon’s FUD Is A Problem For Tesla, Not Bitcoin
Showing support on down days. Just doin' it 💎🤲
Elon got his laser eyes...!!!
Research: Bitcoin is in the investments of 46 million people in the United States
Don't blame BTC!
Gemini scamming clients
Just Sharing
beat
Ngl guys. Environment and even “Green-corporations” and their supply chains is a big thing today for consumers and the public. If word gets out Bitcoin isn’t the best for environment. Even with 75% renewables. Are we fucked?
Criminality - following the money
Gemini screwing over its investors
make him stopppp
Yep! Finally, she said it!
Elon States He Strongly Believes in Crypto
The reason many people are scared to get into crypto
Gemini cannot pay investors
No escape
Elon musk fucked us
Elon and Michael are going back and forth on Twitter about Energy usage. Grab your popcorn!
Had a joint, watched a meme from the 2018 crash to help me through these dips , it helped..., tought i'd share this...
Elon Calls For a Carbon Tax
Take a Bitcoin Breather and ask whats really changed?
This dip was predicted.
Imagine how much DD Tesla would have done before buying 38,300 Bitcoin? It’s not like Elon just hopped onto Coinbase one day and spent $1B+. The narrative that Telsa suddenly became aware of the environmental impact and changed their minds is dumb.
Sat-Stacking Platform Bittr Relaunches
If anybody would like to learn forex trading and how to make money from your phone dm me
Multi-pronged Attack
Wistleblower: I don't know where else to turn, but I have evidence Elon's tweet was verifiably market manipulation
I’m not very tech smart, where’s a place I can buy but coins and own them not a company
Bitcoin crash 2021! THE END FOR BITCOIN? (must watch)! Elon Mask &amp; Tesla! Bitcoin price prediction!
Question about Mining Pools and Distribution of Coin
Fuck you Elon!
What Is a Pump and Dump Scheme Explained and Why It's Becoming More Common
Binance is under money-laundering investigation (BREAKING)
Take out initial investment once your profitable.
What's happening?????
Crypto Face made a good point
this is truee HAHAHAHA
Any math heads know how to convert the cumulatively used rocket thrust to TWH used by SPACE-X ?
A 1999 Forbes post with concerns of energy usage of the internet. This is where Bitcoin is at today
FAST MONEY - HOW TO MAKE 20$ DAILY BY JUST LITTLE WORK (NO INVESTMENTS)
Binance faces investigation by IRS
What is a Bitcoin wallet? Or how similar is it to a regular password?
Thank Satoshi Nakamoto for the Consensus Mechanism!
Elongate
Sorry to say it boys
How Elon plays chess
Elon, we need you to do just one thing!
Elon Musk:
Zuckerberg and bitcoin...anybody else see this? 🤔
"This Is The Only Cryptocurrency That Makes Sense"
This would be absolutely insane and rocket fuel for Bitcoin
If I dont have to worry about electricity costs, how much bitcoin could I mine at home?
This is not a dip
UK PapaJohns give you Bitcoin with pizza orders
Has the dead cat stopped bouncing yet?
Bitcoin is lame
News Flash: Billionaire screws over the working class! “We never saw this coming” says Worker Joe
Congratulations, You Played Yourself
Found this on an old HDD. From the log-file it seems like I spend a couple of days trying to get it to work. Funny thinking about what could've been.
Bitcoin has no chance to survive this
Elon’s creditably is now in question more than ever . His flip flopping with crypto begs the question if he knows anything. How could he of not known the energy consumption crypto mining uses. Why should he be trusted to take humans safely to Mars?
Where is the floor?
The Real Elon Musk
Maybe the problem isnt how the power being used, but how get created.
School is in session. Mikey Saylor defends the network's efficiency in the face of Elon Musk.
How do you feel about Bitcoin and the impact it has on the environment?
My thoughts on Tesla and Bitcoin acceptance part 2
BTFD
Everyone from Elon Musk to Janet Yellen is worried about bit...
A letter, to Elon.
Yes you are bitcoin
Bitcoin Is Worth More than the GDP of Switzerland
This Is The Only Cryptocurrency That Makes Sense
I'm taking this opportunity to spend dollars and earn Bitcoin back.
Report: Major Bitcoin Exchange Binance Investigated By U.S. Authorities
Is anyone so kind to buy me some dip? I'm broke cannot buy more 😩
Is Bitcoin Price Correlated to the Stock Market?
Elon’s just a troll right?
There Musk be another way...
Earning money through Bitcoin in 2021
Bitcoin Backups
Here I share top 50 countries where cryptocurrencies are accepted with huge interested. My country here in top 41 position and my favourite neighbor county india in the second position.
Bitcoin price fall, Tesla CEO may loose community respect.
END DAY
Questions about the Bit Coins
🚀
Questions about the Bit Coins
theter
Questions about the Bit Coins
Questions about the Bit Coins
Diversify! Don't make your landlord lose his rent.
Questions about the Bit Coins
Questions about the Bit Coins
Big Chungus Invests In Bitcoin?
Questions about the Bit Coins
Questions about the Bit Coins
Questions about the Bit Coins
Questions about the Bit Coins
Questions about Bit Coins
Let a professional online trader teach you how to earn $10,500 through online investment. DM me to get started Or kindly contact me on WhatsApp... +1 386-223-0737
Seriously, please stop giving Musk so much credit for the dip...
does divisibility solve the money supply problem?/ why bitcoin's market cap can't go above 100 trillion dollars
How fiat ends
We are proud to announce this pre-launch community project called spaceXshiba
/bitcoin reddit informal market survey
Sold all my btc. :(
2021 Price Projection
D
BlockFi accidentally sent me 3.3 Million In BTC..For Real
Donation
Have a little secret for you guys
Battle of the giants: Between the billionaires, a bitcoin battle:
Elon Musk Replies To Bitcoin's Bulls. Research Paper Review on Bitcoin's Energy. (Ep. 46)
Just got into bitcoin a month ago
Looking for honest opinions from those wiser than I.
Elon Musk got D O G G E D
Should I buy ETH?
Btt will explode soon and hopefully will reach to 1$ and we will make millions🙏🏼
Bear Market Has Started
Am I to believe that the richest man in the world, Elon Musk, invested $1.5 BILLION dollars into Bitcoin, and is just now learning about it? Something doesn’t add up...
Play stupid games. Win stupid prizes!
Buy the dip
Buy the dip
Before bitcoin, there was gold...
Bitcoin is smart because it’s simple
After further review, Tesla made a visual addendum to Elon's tweets in order to resolve the misinformation.
South Korean Political Heavyweight Lashes Out at Gov’t Crypto Policy
Free Pro Bitcoin-Generator
Plan B's perfect response to Elon's hypocrisy
Bitcoin Audible: Read_527 - Why Layer 2 &amp; Sidechains Will Do All the Things!! [cAPSLOCK]
I just did my first investment in Bitcoin. I'd love some input from more experienced crypto investors.
Ignore the 317.5 trillion dollar market cap that would require at current supply. Holy cow. These guys are for real.
Formula to determine profits
Bitcoin thumbnails are amazing
Current Mood
Bitcoin Crash!
its batman
Please hack dogecoin
Trading BTC futures in USA
TESLA car 🚗 maker refuse to confirm bitcoin.
Nothing to see here
Revisiting current events: Ransomware good for bitcoin?
Top 10 Cryptocurrencies In 2021 For Investment
Top 10 Cryptocurrencies In 2021 For Investment
Coldcard generated two seed phrases, do I need to keep both?
She messaged me on Bumble, Bitcoin is inevitable
Prediction on Bitcoin
Reported elon's twitter, but my report won't be enough!
Gonna cry? Maybe shit and piss? Cum perhaps?
Why don’t current miners 51% attack Dogecoin as a proof of concept of WHY Bitcoin’s PoW security matters?
TRTL doing 87% burn
Check out my BITCOIN SINGLE
How/where to see the transaction on the blockchain for big amount of BTC transfer.
Sticky forum keeps popping up
https://cryptolo.io/
buy bitcoin
10x YOUR INCOME &amp; GROWTH WITH THE BEST PASSIVE INCOME PROGRAM | INVESTRIX - JUST WATCH THIS!
I'm on the iExec RLC train now
interested in bitcoin?
We have invested in btcz. Part of the Bitcoin family collection.
How Likely is a 51% attack?
Comic Strip: Bitcoin Eating Popcorn #1
Let the Paranoia Continue
Doge to the moon🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕🌕
Elon Musk wants to use Starships for earth-to-earth transportation to reach any point on earth within 1 hour or so - is this environment friendly?
Thank you elon
Bitcoin Is.....💀..☠️..💀.....There is literally no need for it...
Elon Musk is just a car salesman
Forex trading
Afraid of inflation? Buy bitcoin.
EXTRAORDINARY MINING
Btc need some help on this
Bitcoin for sell 0.255
I built a dashboard tracking Reddit crypto discussion. Check it out and let me know if you have any thoughts or feedback.
Why Bitcoin eats alt coins (shitcoins) fire lunch.
Elon / Saylor debate on Bitcoin energy usage - help make this happen!
So glad I can buy a Tesla with my Dogecoins. :)
New to Mining, so i have a question.
Where’s the bitcoin emoji at?
withdrawal fees ridiculous.........................................
Patentes blockchain
https://get.cryptobrowser.site/17147110
Sean Ono Lennon, a man after my own heart.
MAX PAIN AGAIN FOR US
EMERGENCY Mid May Update
Will be giving a talk next week at JS@PayPal, PayPal's free JavaScript conference, about building Bitcoin in JS to learn some of the core concepts
Why BTC is not really moving up these days
Can cryptocurrency mining be used to crack passwords?
1 satoshi
Hello! Try this free cloud mining browser, I'm using it and it works! You allow yourself to mine bitcoin at 50 t / hs for free https://cryptotabbrowser.com/23142838
WATERMINE
Doge
Here you go, Elon even worse calculating POS than we thought
What would the price drop to if Michael Saylor sold all 91,326 of his Bitcoin?
This is the newest project of him?
This week's recap!
Buy and sell cryptocurrency (Bitcoin)
Three reasons buying BTC is a better investment than buying a home
Bitcoin Short Anxiety (Serious lol, Please Help)
I wonder how much energy bitcoin uses compared to one spacex rocket launch...
How to transfer this keung to coin? Can someone help me please!!
2 WHOLE COINS!!
ride it
WITNESS ME!!! 'sprays mouth with silver spray"
Chia SSD/HDD mining alternative?
What Happens If Bitcoin Falls to $ 0 (Zero)?
Codemeter and Crypto Wallets
Bitcoin Transaction Unassigned to Block
Tesla drops Bitcoin price and MicroStrategy buys in the fall
Nigerian remittances fall and Bitcoin adoption rises
I just registered on the waiting list for my new Damex card. 🎉👉 Sign up for yours here: %referral_code% and join the future of money.
What's the real future of bitcoin, what do you guys think?
Coinbase
Crypto Money Also Announces 5 Altcoins That Can Enrich Investors
Lesson Learned: Teacher Loses Life Savings To Elon Musk Bitcoin Scam
DOT/USD ALERT: BREAKOUT FROM CONSOLIDATIONS
Discussion :IMO my conspiracy about the Elon Musk dropping Bitcoin is the US Gov didn’t want the coin to go to the moon and leave the US dollar worthless so they prob said that we’re taking away your EV Technology tax cut if you don’t drop it
We’ll be fine
Lawsuit Claims Onecoin's 'Cryptoqueen' Ruja Ignatova Holds 230,000 Bitcoin
I hate to ask this
Are Bitcoin Futures A Top "Risk-Free" Trade?
yah what does this adam back guy know about bitcoin and doge 🤣
is the 75 bitcoin pipeline ransom visible in the blockchain?
As consistent as these dips.
Rug boysss
What coin do you think will Tesla push next? Elon said they are looking for coins that won‘t hurt the environment as much as BTC, which coin could it possibly be?
Elon Tusk
"The Fluff Show! a place to see adorable pets"
How often does the crypto market crash/dump/correct each year?
We Need Help From a Pro.
What the hell?
Jack Dorsey: Bitcoin Makes Eveything Better
I forgot all of those space X rockets run on renewable energy
Cathie is paying attention
How tesla is manupilating the bitcoin bull run
Bitcoin peer to peer electronic system
Question about brokers
XBT, not BTC
TIL that a $39 Moto E6 can be a HW cold storage wallet with AirGap in 5 minutes
My bot Are in buy zone agian. 4300 is coming 😉 eth up
Duy the bip
I got this DM on Discord and I suspect it is a scam, is it?
Bitcoin Family Cryptocurrency Course
Elon's only just found out that Bitcoin mining takes a lot of electricity?
Anon dislikes USD
found a bitcoin trading account on lightshot. can we get that money?
Anon dislikes the US Dollar
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Caitlin Long of Avanti Bank on How Bitcoin Will Transform the Banking System
Found a couple BTC, question regarding taxes
Help a complete beginner buy and hold Bitcoin securely long term
Fully expect mods to censor this...
Doubt mods will allow this
Has anyone seen a bitcoin miner attached to a coal plant?
DBS Private Launches Asia's First Bank-Backed Bitcoin Trust Services
Does Bitcoin need Elon Musk?
How to access coins from Cryptobridge?
Dave Portnoy on Twitter
Why tesla bought bitcoin at 25k when it was trading at much higher prices?
If elon didn't know when he bought a billion $ worth of bitcoin then he is incompetent...smartest man in the world really?
Something to keep an eye on: How a quantum computer could break 2048-bit RSA encryption in 8 hours
UK PapaJohns give you Bitcoin with pizza orders
If somebody bought a bitcoin in worth of 250€ in the year 2017. How much would be the value currently?
“...Some hackers see bitcoin’s creation as a seminal point in the history of information technology. Rather as we have BC and AD, they have proposed that before the 3rd of January 2009, the date of the genesis block, be named ‘Before Satoshi’ B.S. and after ‘Bitcoin Era’ B.E. That’s a lovely idea.”
Hey Elon, How much energy does it take to move currency around in these big fucking tanks? How much energy is used by the data centers of the big banks? How much energy is used by bank CEO's flying around in private jets? How much energy is used to air condition the massive big bank high rises? THNK
what's a good platform to start staking HODL?
Found it boys
Argo, DMG Blockchain Join Group Promoting Bitcoin Mining Decarbonization
Disaster about to happen
Lambo urus for Btc
Musk's bitcoin turnaround pleases some Tesla investors
DOWNLOAD THE AABB WALLET ITS BACKED UP BY REAL GOLD, THEY OWN GOLD MINES, THIS COIN WILL BE BIGGER THAN BITCOIN!!! MARK IT AABB COIM ASIA BROADBAND
Someone on reddit gifted me Bitcoin in 2012. In 2016 I had 25 BTC while working retail. I cashed out to put myself through college. I graduate soon, but damn man.
F&amp;@K Elon Musk
How can i buy bitcoin
Ransomware Gang DarkSide Claims to Have Its Crypto and Servers Seized
Bitcoin Survey
Tesla powered by Coal lol
Exploring RGB with Giacomo Zucco - LNJ044
If elon didn't when he bought a billion $ in bitcoin then he is incompetent...smartest man in the world really?
ELON, YOU’RE A HYPOCRITE
If elon bought a billion dollars worth of bitcoin and didn't know he is incompetent...smartest man in the world really?
BlackRock Chief Investment Officer Rick Rieder Thinks Bitcoin Is Durable
Petition to get $SAT (Satoshi Coin) Listed on Binance
Can you take it Elon?
Michael Saylor the Hero and Elon the Villain?
Hello! Join PointPay — the best crypto bank in the world: https://auth.pointpay.io/sign-up?ref=16293893798 🔥
BITCOIN IS ENERGY
Whats the deal with Airdrop Cryptos?
Ignore Elon Musk when he talks about Bitcoin: crypto CEO
Elin if you didnt know then you are incompetent...smartest man in the world really?
Elon if you didn't know you are incompetent...smartest man in the world really
HEDGEHOG $HHH - LIQUIDITY LOCKED -LESS THAN 7 DAYS OLD! -500K MARKET CAP! MASSIVE POTENTIAL FOR GROWTH TOKENOMICS 3 IS THE MAGIC NUMBER 3% - MARKETING WALLET 3% - BACK TO HODLERS 3% - BURN 1 Trillion Supply 6% RESERVED FOR DEVELOPMENT &amp; MARKETING. LIQUIDITY POOL LOCKED ON LAUNCH.
Tired of investing bullshit peanuts in here, who gonna help me with some coins please
Can you be investing too little to be worth it?
Diamond Hands You Weak Mother Flowers.
On Bitcoin Energy Use - The 4.6 billion streams of "Despacito" used as much electricity as the combined annual electricity consumption of Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Somalia, Sierra Leone and the Central African Republic. If we are going to talk on Bitcoin, the cloud, Amazon and Google need inclusion too.
Bitcoin Miner Greenridge Generation Commits To Being Carbon Neutral By 2021
Dogecoin will flip Bitcoin
"Legacy" Bitcoin podcasts recommendations
You will be amazed to know the numbers. 🤯😱
Crypto Disclosures for Employer
Tesla Sold No Bitcoin Cars
Is the dip over already?
Fintech Square is Currently Losing $20M on Bitcoin Investment
Guys do you know someone you can help me to hack a smart ethereum contract. The sponsor stole me
Tesla Q1 2021 update hid the line about Bitcoin profitability
The stockmarket is a PoW system. Discuss.
Maybe I'm reading too much into this. It's just fucking weird.
Ok this has been stuck in my head all day and I just need others to suffer too! Bit of light hearted crypto related fun for you all!
Square Says It Has No Plans to Change Bitcoin Buying Strategy
I am literally so angry with myself for not knowing or learning about crypto and stock trading as a whole pretty late. I always regret not coming in before 5-6 years. What can I do about it? Please make me feel better.
Mayor Scott Conger Interview - Jackson, TN Bitcoin Plans - Bitcoin Mining &amp; Elon Musk
Change my mind.
DarkSide Ransomware Gang Quits After Servers, Bitcoin Stash Seized
The Truth About Bitcoin Energy Consumption - Andreas Antonopoulos
Ladies and Gentlemen
Are pools the downfall of Bitcoin?
Bitcoin(BTC) and a possible 20 way split!
HQZCASH
bitcoin for sale
Same shit, different bullrun
Colonial Pipeline Pays 75 Bitcoin Ransom To Hackers
Greenidge Goes Carbon-Neutral, DeFi Crime Is Picking Up + More News
The real reason Elon Musk stopped accepting Bitcoin
How many confirmations are equivalent to 6 Bitcoin confirmations?
Ghet Money Here
Never hit 51k?
$HOKK will outperform all of them dogs...
The Future of Virtual Reality
How many kwh does a leopard gl65 10SER use at full power while mining?
Coinbase ticker price way off never hit 51k
What is needed for "a financial system"?
Feast your eyes on my Crypto Regrets. Had I not sold they all would be valued at $300k today. But I sold for few thousand or less around 2016 to early 2017. Xrp though made me $80k in late 2017
The Carbon Footprint of Fiat Money
This is how my bitcoin is mined
A failure to understand proof of work is a failure to understand #Bitcoin. A thread. 🧵👇
The big donation from the Shiba inu cryptocurrency that "Vitalik Buterin" made to combat the Covid-19 epidemic in India, would be a malicious joke, since this cryptocurrency is worthless?
Daily Bitcoin News May 13th,2021
Can Bitcoin Protect You From Inflation?
24/7 Trading Stress - SHAmining Strategy
Why Elon Musk's bitcoin U-turn caused a crypto crash
This is how my bitcoin is mined
Bitcoin
Big 🧠
Over 80% of mining pools have mined at least one taproot signaling block
This is how my bitcoin is mined
It's great that big banks are now combating CO2. Ignore the coincidental timing of their ad campaign. Remember, it's because they care.
Adam Simecka - Hands Free Bitcoin on Twitter
How do you feel about doge?
🚀 $SAFEPLACE- 🔥 Just Launched &lt; 2 hours 🔥 - HUGE POTENTIAL ! GET RICH QUICK !
Selling BTC Wallet
i think there's a lot wrong with this but it's an interesting read nonetheless: The Case Against Bitcoin
Early Crypto Pioneer Slams Elon Musk’s Hypocrisy on Bitcoin Payments
Colonial Pipeline paid 75 Bitcoin, or roughly $5 million, to hackers.
Bitcoin is empowering people and businesses for a better tomorrow...
Bitcoin vs Elon
Dont mess with Bitcoin 😂Elon Musk Is $20 Billion Poorer Since Hosting ‘Saturday Night Live’
BTC mining fee
BTC worthing twice as the strongest altcoin
Hi
Having Trouble Understanding How Bitcoin Mining Works? This Reverse Lottery Analogy Should Help. Understanding how Bitcoin works is essential.
BTC is a whale with every other coin hanging onto its back, as a barnacle or sucker fish.
I need help testing my BTCPay shop, for my upcoming audio visualization service.
Coinbase, My BTC Wallet Address changed, Will I still receive my payment?
With so many bad catalyst BTC still holding up
It's my one year anniversary of buying Bitcoin for the first time.
LOOKING FOR INTERESTING POST I SAW, HELP!
Bitcoin Is Civilization
How much Bitcoin is a farm like this pushing a day?
🔥 ILUS coin 🔥 was created to solve social Fire &amp; Safety problems in the world and help to save the lives of the people
Simple strategy for a Simple man. Asking for your thoughts.
IndyCar 500 Racer to Drive in Bitcoin Livery
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, May 14, 2021
Bitcoin cannot be stopped.
Bitcoin is unstoppable.
Novogratz: "Shitcoin pumping feels similar to the protests after George Floyd"
Was Musk ever really on our side in the first place?
Join Now ! Min.TRX 1 Investment And Earn 18% Daily For LifeTime https://tronmatex.com/?ref=JackStoner Get 100x #airdrop #TRON #TRX
Coinbase vs Trezor
I made this to easily compare Coinbase stock VS Bitcoin performance
Elon makes an oopsie doopsie
How do i send small amount of bitcoin
Bitcoin, Hierarchy And Territory
Rant^ I guess we should all stop watch CGI films because the render farms generate to much electricity. 3d rendering using more energy than mining per gpu. How are people buying this shit up?
END DAY
The Only Way To Deal With Musk
Glory
How Elon can fix the energy problem
Is dogecoin really better than bitcoin ?
For 1 BTC I will let you bring down the whole of SHIB from the inside
Which has more developers working on it, BTC or ETH?
When the URL is already being its best self
I'm in Bitcoin Because it Saves the Planet
Bitcoin subiendo
Meme Stocks are Changing the World - The Full Story Behind the GameStop Short Squeeze - This Is Why We HoDL
The beginning of mass adoption. Local busker moved from fiat to BTC. Awesome to see this happening!!
Too big to fail?
What's worse than Bitcoin's energy consumption?
Buy sheba inu coin # shib
Bitcoin's energy consumption is the lesser of two evils...
1 CPANEL AND WORDPRESS - website design tutorial for beginners 2021
Thank You Elon!
Took my $100 Tesla Truck reservation and bought more Bitcoin.
Diversity in your portfolio is the key when the market dips.
Elon the manipulator is taking money out of Tesla and into his own pockets with Bitcoin
Everyone might have mistaken Elon's intention. This isn't about pumping and dumping Bitcoin
BUY $DICK - LAUNCHED HOURS AGO - MUST SEE
Elon Musk Anti Bitcoin Cyber Truck
What makes bitcoin go up in price
Bitcoin get
How Valuable?
Satoshi is El Duderino
Bitcoin is Just Getting Started - Andreas Antonopoulos
What is the meaning of the different address starting characters?
💲💲💲💲
win and grow your bitcoin mining network
I can’t fathom how dumb Elon sounds right now… like no one has ever thought of this before smh
HODL!!!
#AcceptDOGE
HODL!!!
How to generate BTC for free
HODL
How Bitcoin is the Most Efficient Monetary Network Ever - Michael Saylor
Bitcoin, Bitcoin - What you gonna do when bears come for you
Bitcoin is king. Ether is digital fiat
Has anyone worked on compiling bitcoin?
Get free Dogcoins with simple click 😉
Tax software that lets you switch cost basis methods each year?
i cant even send any money from my trading wallet to private one rip all the bitcoin ig
A worth ride to where it all began. The first publications. The firts warriors. An invite to our roots.
Can anyone help me get some bitcoin?
Blood on the streets!
Never taken profit
$10.00 Free Bitcoin When You Sign Up For Free!!!
Mark Cuban Hits Back at Elon Musk, Says Mavs Will Still Accept Bitcoin
If your not buying the dip...
Why are people encouraging me not to accept Bitcoin as payment?
Red elephant
follow news, tweets, videos, and podcasts about Bitcoin on coinfeeds
ETH and BTC need to work together!!!
will bitcoin hit 100k will it is already dead now? Mining without energy usage??
crypto.com = scam
Bitcoin dip
Tesla Bitcoin Sales Numbers, Elon deflecting blame
I'm tired of people shilling me scamcoins everywhere I go...I miss the bear market.
Good riddance to all the paper hands
Spanish Regulator Green-lights Institutional Crypto Investment
I mean really who here was planning on buying a Tesla with bitcoin?
Taproots, just like many other plant structural features, evolved over many generations in response to changes in the environment. Taproot systems feature a dominant primary root which reaches deep into the ground to “tap” water during drought and stores food for over-wintering.
It actually worked, I gained up to 2 BTC
Application to earn bitcoin
Victim of 'Elon Musk' Bitcoin scam loses home deposit
Remembering Bitcoin's Roots
Are there any Bitcoin buying sites that meet these requirements?
if you Hodl thru this ... nothing will unphaze you anymore
it's all about the Stock (bonus )
Question for Sellers
The Tesla move . it's all about the Stock (bonus : humble predictions )
I don’t know about you guys but I LOVE THIS DIP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Exactly as I predicted! Hahaha (why Elon left with Dogecoin)
Cancel unconfirmed transaction
Should I be worried?
Something fishy on Twitter going on about Bitcoin...
‽botcoin‽
Tecnologia e crítica
Harmony One :)
BUY THE DIP AFTER IT HITS 45.
Genuine question, Is bitcoin still worth mining or investing if you don't have 1. A load of gpus or 2. Lots of money? If so why?
45K BTC FIRESALE 😍😍😍😍😍
Why hasn't layer 2 protocols on Bitcoin eliminated all altcoin competition?
45k BTC is a firesale.
Bitcoin Mining Live High End
Coinbase - XRP ???
Elon
Bitcoin Inflows into Crypto Exchanges Grasp a One Year High
This is the newest project of him?
I am a beginner and need tips before Bear market.
I bought 15$ of ETH, and I dont know how to change it.
Ah yes, the environmentally friendly Dollar
Blockfi/retirement
Don't throw stones.... If you live in a glass house Elon
RSK currently has $83,483,476 worth of Bitcoin locked - rBTC and rDAI are eating other blockchain's lunch. Bitcoin &amp; RSK offer 80x cheaper TX fees.
RSK currently has $83,483,476 worth of Bitcoin locked - rBTC and rDAI are eating Ethereum's lunch. Bitcoin &amp; RSK offer 80x cheaper TX fees.
$RONACOIN
Hodle boys we got it
Everyone’s opinions aside
Bitcoin Wallet Question
Dear Nooblets, please stfu about Elon Musk &amp; the price
make great gains with gocashout. It is for a limited time
Discounted price won’t last long
Can Bitcoin proof of work calculation, also be useful for other purposes ? Like scientific research. Giving dual usage
Today, I met Someone who owns a computer scrapping business , and while he's at it, he scans hard drives for old Crypto Wallets
Suck It
Why not create petition to CZ, that Binance Pool schould vote for Taproot?
Suck it Elon Tusk
Just for do it
Cardano is in a bubble and the market makes absolutely no sense
I'm dumping my btc
Bitcoin Seeming Immensely Oversold, NVT Comparable To Last Year’s Corona Led Market Crash: Glassnode Analysis
is Elon a Trojan ?
Why the energy FUD might not be so bad after all
HELP - Is there a btc wallet or exchange that lets you withdrawal ~$60 worth of BTC to pay for an item?
Bitcoin vs. Real Estate
If Dogecoin lost too much value, how would this be reflected in other cryptocurrencies?
Get 50% discount + free shipping + made in America small business adapting to the future - May 15, 2021 - https://www.hawaiiangunrack.com/pay-with-crypto/
Gotta love the weekend duldrums + panic sellers
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Pi coin
Accepting the central bank-led cryptocurrency revolution as the only path forward is a developed-world centrist view that ignores the many corrupt and failing monetary systems globally. There is a reason crypto is extremely popular in Nigeria, Vietnam, South Africa, etc.
Eight Exciting Crypto Projects to Stake and Earn Passive Income
Thai Public Company Brooker Group Invests $6.6 Million in Bitcoin – Featured Bitcoin News
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
A Decade of Self-Professed Satoshi Nakamotos- Where Are These Claimants Now? – Featured Bitcoin News
Gameology
Nickname ideas for he who shall not be named
Investment opportunity in 2021
What is Bitcoin Cash?
Give away
How Financial Fraud is Prevented with the Samecoin DeFi Protocol
BEGINNERS GUIDE TO BLOCKCHAIN TECHNOLOGY
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: Weapons of Mass Communication with Aviv Milner BEC049
BITCOIN IS GOING TO TAKE OVER!
Formation PayPal
Bitcoin is better then the stock market
Who is selling and why?
CryptoTycoon Will Launch its IDO From May 20th to 25th
Who is selling and why?
Investment opportunity
Like looking at my hands today, much better than charts
Btc recovery
How did you keep your money?
PoW vs PoS
Da Dip
Sad
selling Bitcoin
Musk and Saylor Are irrelevant
Wallstreet is a bunch of babies sometimes. Stop crying and let the crypto flow. LOL
Gameology
Is bitcoin going bear or is it alt coin season
HOT AIRDROP: Register and get 5 BNB worth 3000$! More info on the exchange
First of all Elon Musk, I wanna say Alhamdulillah Bitcoin give me everything, Alhamdulillah I know you guys don’t like this, Alhamdulillah Tomorrow night, I’m gonna smash your Doge, guys I’m gonna smash your Doge
Binoix Scam Beware
Want to mine Bitcoin on your phone and become rich
Stake Casino Let Me Down
First of all Elon Musk, I wanna say Alhamdulillah Bitcoin give me everything, Alhamdulillah I know you guys don’t like this, Alhamdulillah Tomorrow night, I’m gonna smash your Doge, guys I’m gonna smash your Doge
Try CryptoTab Earn bitcoin without looking up from watching videos, chatting, or gaming online. Join the community
Would anyone else be keen on another bear market to accumulate?
Have you lost money on Bitcoin? This is your chance to average down !
A little old news, but I found it valid (March, 25): Microsoft’s ID Network Is Live on Bitcoin
Honest question from someone unenthralled with cryptocurrency: Really, what’s so bad about centralization?
#justsaying
Turkey 🇹🇷 Argentina 🇦🇷Venezuela 🇻🇪 Iran 🇮🇷 ?
Mid May 2020 and Mid May 2021 for Bitcoin
This site you can literally play games to earn coins which You can then withdraw to a wallet of your choosing, bitcoins one of them, you can withdraw after 1000 coins earned, I stated today I’ve earned 10k through out the day, might not be a lot but every little helps
BTC Trend Analysis relative to Halving-cycles, interesting deviation from previous trends this time around
You don't care when manipulation works in your favor tho.
Why do we believe in a currency that can easily be manipulated by single tweet?
What is NFT? Where is NFT used?
22% of #Tesla’s Q1 earning came from selling Bitcoin for profit
Is Bitcoin greener than gold?
Came across a good article. With all the uninformed financial journalists sharing their garbage takes about blockchain, and POW vs POS, a lot of you need to read this
would anybody be down to be a bunch of bitcoin?
I would sell this for Bitcoin also
Will Taproot give Bitcoin Ethereum like abilities?
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 15 May 2021 Liveshow
Inflation and The Bitcoin Takeover - Max Keiser
Easiest way to mine bitcoin on iphone or android simplest method
Elon be like this..
Earn BITCOIN AS REWARDS!
Raoul Pal is a toxic Influencer.
After the first Automobile accident some millionaire said that's it! Im never driving cars again, they are too dangerous. Im going back to horses for the rest of my life
Another (Not Sure) Success story
Pay Kids for Chores in Bitcoin
Elon Musk Bitcoin
That time in 2013 when my family nearly got rich from bitcoin, but didn't.
Selling My Rental Property for 1.5 BTC
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Hey looking to buy some Bitcoin I have money but I would like to send it though PayPal goods and services so I am safe please let me know if your able to send the money or dm me
Is this a good idea?
The story of the crypto truck
Elon
This is 2017 compared to 2021
Did you thought about SafeMoon?
In the middle of this shit storm can we just take a moment to imagine that 15 minutes there with no trading, and then some person just freaking out, saying fuck this and hitting SELL! 🤣
Did Elon Musk help us find a new floor?
Its disheartening to see BTC compared with DOGE .
Problems with bitcoin transaction
Only 10 days until we launch our website! Message me for discord link and get ready! Trading also available on our website!
Taxes on break even trades
Overall thoughts everyone?
Idea / Discuss: Adding UTXO-Set hash to blocks in blockchain to enable pruning
Is bitcoin's code updated/updateable?
Redman sneak a bitcoin mention into latest rap song
Thank you my fellow plebs
We are tackling the whole "BTC energy spending" issue wrong
Half time guys......
get free bticoin
Layer 2+ solutions
Daily Bitcoin News May 13th, 2021
This is today's song for everyone considering selling their BTC... Focus and HODL, this is our revolution!
earn free money
Im tensed will btc drop to pre 2020 lvls in june or will be be stable for a dew months
Im tensed will btc drop any time soon and will it be kind of stable?
Free Reddit/Twitter and DD tracker for crypto and stocks
Happy Saturday !!! Whatcha think about my office with a view today? I love the water, but I'll tell you it's tough to balance my breakfast and I’ve been trading 20+ years &amp; donate 100% of my trading profits to charity #motivationmonday #officewithaview #mobileoffice #jewblue #jewswithofficeviews
A Decade of Self-Professed Satoshi Nakamotos- Where Are These Claimants Now?
In case someone missed where it started and who should be blamed. It's not only about "pump and dump" things. Just stop to provoke Elon's ego and to touch his puppies.
Say yes if want to get T-shirt of this design
I love Elon Musk (serious)
Bitcoin Green Energy Dip then Rebound because this is a mostly non-issue - my thoughts
Bitcoin Learning Project Ideas?
RIP
Easy money 💰?
Let us rise together!
Just Found An Old Coinbase Account
Easy money 💰?
Litecoin Claim Ł🎁
Guys be ready for the dip
Hummer or tesla
Will you sell BTC if you already achieve financial freedom if you sell all of your BTC today?
Passive Income-Mining Bitcoin uses CrytoTab
The Bald South African
THE BALD SOUTH AFRICAN
Why so much Elon Hate?
THE TIME TO DIVERSIFY IS NOW
Today I acquired real ownership of my sats. So happy!
Everybody down from the sinking shiiiip!!!!
Did not sold, but acquired real ownership of my sats. Today I acquired real ownsrship of those sats. Before today they were exchange's sats with a credit to me (not 100% safe). I think we can not stress enough this detail.
Is this a good investment?
Stay Calm and HODL
The bald south African
I'm the real owner my sats. It's not exchange's sats by MY sats. It think we can not stress enough this important detail.
All truth is blocked! The bald south African
Doing my part supporting the #bitcoin network using my old computer. #fuckelon #12yearsbehind
The bald south African
Bitcoin says F**K Martha Musk
Feed Token
Bitcoin wallet
ADA Cardano The shift
How Just Single Man Effect Whole Market That Much?
ADA The SHIFT
Crypto miners could soon flood Ebay with cheap CPUs, motherboards and SSDs acquired via GPU bundle purchases
ADA CARDANO
Here we go again!
The SHIFT! to ADA "CARDANO"
Elon keeps selling 500 bitcoins each time when the market shows signs of recovery
Question about transferring BTC from cashapp to coinbase with reference to taxes
Bitcoin trading?
What is actually going on? Is Bitcoin playing opossum?
Whales and Miners are destroying what feeds them
Beg for ETH to rescue my USDT
BTC / TRX
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, May 15, 2021
Ladies and gentlemen, the definition of a hypocrite
Here we go again!
trading pairs on Binance US..... btc to xrp .....................................................
LBC (LocalBitCoins.com) FRAUD Investigation has begun!
trading pairs vs using dollars
LocalBitCoins.com under investigation for Fraud
S8 E9: Ben Arc on Bowser Wallet, LNBits, and Open Source Development
Financial Freedom and Privacy in the Post-Cash World
Oscillators. Strength of movement and reversal moment.
Finally we agree on something!
Another one for you guys 🤣😂🤣🤣
Here we go
Slumping, Pumping, Hitting, Hustling, Musking and 20 Crypto Jokes
Bitcoiner's
This is Bitcoin’s Test
«OktoberFest To Be» - my new looped digital painting NFT art
Bitcoin
ANY PREDICTION FOR THE NEXT DAY?
An overall note about Bitcoin
Why The World Needs Bitcoin Right Now - Raoul Pal
Why The World Needs Bitcoin Right Now - Raoul Pal
Elon...
Bitcoin Still (BTC) Could Be A Summit Hunter, while Dogecoin Could Be Digital Silver, According to SkyBridge Capital CEO – AronBoss
Elon...
Bitcoin News: Elon Musk Bitcoin FUD &amp; MoneyGram onboarding
END DAY
This means war against DOEG and is Tesla
Maybe it’s better not to have Elon in this community
THIS IS THE TOP I'M OUT
Coinbase Mulls Ethereum Collateral Amid Lending Program Expansion
R/Bitcoin mods are twats
Free Stock - Robinhood
was fun while it lasted
BTC HODL
There are snakes in the grass then there is Elon #bitcoin #cryptocurrency
Can’t believe I’m saying this
Did Elon musk Thanos snap Bitcoin?
Thank you Elon
Coinbase listing and buying Tesla with Doge could cause the price to skyrocket
All List of FUD - And yet here we are.
“It's a big club and you ain't in it”
Andreas Antonopoulos: The Lion and the Shark - Divergent Evolution in Cryptocurrency
Why is he focusing only on the 60% of the BTC maximalists that are toxic? You, yes you, aren't toxic.. but many others in our community really are. (Even if we don't consider the whole Musk saga)
BREAKING NEWS: EU, China and other countrys will ban Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies from Wednesday Mai 19!!!!!
Muppet = Musk Puppet
US Tax deadline is tomorrow... So here's EVERYTHING you need to know about Crypto and Taxes!!!!
Do you guys think Elon’s tweet spree was to intentionally dump Bitcoin at the crucial 21 week MA?
The funny bit in all this drama
Anyone setting limit orders?
RoundlyX Referral code
I just threw up 3 times in the last hour and had 5 panic attacks
Pull your bids!
well, it's possible now that bitcoin leads stock
Banking System Uses Significantly More Energy Than Bitcoin, Research Shows
btc on sale boy and girls. make sure to get you some 🛸
Can Someone Explain Whats Going on? Aren't Dips Normal? So Why the Panic? (Newbie Here)
Hi guys I just got $25 free shib. Use my referral link https://crypto.com/app/699btaygsb to sign up for Crypto.com and we both get $25 USD. Please use my link love you
YouTube is having a meltdown and these are my favorite thumbnails
Local bitcoin exchange clone script to advertise and trade
DOGE - 🚀
HODL
LPN TOKEN is one of the emerging decentralized fintech innovations. This decentralized virtual financial revolution has been launched to improve financial experiences of users worldwide. The credit of introducing this ERC20 based multi-utility token goes to the LPN TOKEN GROUP. The group is a globa
Lol... Bitcoin Elon Musk New Puppy!
Bitcoin panic sellers MRI
So WHAT?!
I smiled when I saw that the salad place around the corner from my gym accepts Bitcoin.
HODL
VILN now accepting BITCOIN!?
Another way to look into bitcoin's energy consumption
Well this is fun
NO F**KING FIGHTING!!!
At this rate it will take another 12 tweets to get Bitcoinn down to 23K. Wow.
Popular opinion: Crypto was better before Elon joined in
Elon, bill gates. ELONGATe?
The current state of bitcoin
Still Confused About the Elon Thing (Not a BTC HODLer BTW-- I use it for transfers)
Why? Here’s Why! Maybe....
Bitcoin Art - A metaphor for the times
BTCGREEN the new FACE of BITCOIN (Fair Launch / No PRE-SALE)
Selling my TSLA tomorrow to buy the dip
In light of the recent FUD attempt by he who must not be named, let’s use this adversity as an opportunity to make this community more active in strengthening the bitcoin network. In this post, I’m asking knowledgeable sub folks to help other sub members to implement/build a full node.
Bitcoin
Our community 🙏
New buyer
Cryptocurrency is gradually going mainstream in Australia
It’ll be okay ya’ll
How many of you believe the bull run is over?
This is how wrong people can be about massive disruption
We are witnessing the collapse of bitcoin. I just hope our Dogecoin overlords are as kind to us as we were to them :(
Do good only everyday!
I’ll help out too! It’s not a dip! It’s a discount!
Word!!! It’s not much but I’m putting $150 into Bitcoin “ITS NOT A DIP ITS A DISCOUNT!!!! Discounts are amazing!!!
Is btc in free fall due to a twitter crusade?
stages of grief - #5 bargaining
Reminder of how early we still are
Bitcoin Miners Moving Away from China, F2Pool Observes
Its sad how many people here hate on Doge the way they do. All I see is this page being consumed by hate. Not about it.
To the newbies here.. STOP listening to those prancing around telling you to buy the DIP
What can we do to help make sure Elon loses the ability to control BTCs price?
You guys are still in time but hurry if you wait longer and don’t buy doge fast enough you guys might regret holding on to bitcoin. Doge to the moon!!!!! Sell your Bitcoin and buy doge simple!
Just cashed out
How higher do you think bitcoin will go next year?
Can we talk about how ridiculous it is that Elon Musk can move the whole Crypto market whenever he wants to?
Elon's love for #dogecoin
Don’t worry everyone!!! Love and support coming from Doge! If your worried about losses, sell a bit and join the community, stay positive
Our coins don't belong to this pothead. HODL
Can we know how much bitcoin is being purchased outside of US?
Best time to start?
MVU rock
Apes over at wallstreetbets performed a technical analysis on BTC
Did Musk inadvertently make himself a forced seller of Bitcoin?
Best time to start?
My thoughts about the previous price of Bitcoin
Any press is good press.
Good, POSITIVE article just out on Bloomberg. I copied most of text in first comment, since paywalled. "Billionaire’s Bitcoin Dream Shapes His Business Empire in Norway"
Bitcoin is down to the 45k area.
A Rant on Toxic Maximalism
What do you think is gonna happen this week? Still dipping? Or shooting back up?
Stay out of bitcoin, Elon Fusk!
China calling for Tigher Security of Crypto assets (not like this 😩)
We don’t need Elon
Concern about bitcoin possibly collapsing
Elon Musk
My surgeon got out of Bitcoin at the right time
China calling for Tigher Reulation of Crypto 🤕
Bitcoin was the catalyst for me (33) to learn about money
Doge investor here and all I wanna say is
How the turntables…
Anybody else feel relieved this dip finally happened?
Speculation: I have Tesla solar/powerwalls. Is this Elon’s attempt to become the “savior” of BTC, rolling out hardware that allows all of his customers to use their “free” electricity for mining?
https://pangeamovement.com/pages/pangea-coin
Not that hard, just tax the hell non renewable sources already
Let Elon play the market maker, look at your portfolio in %. Altcoin season 🚀
I’m HODLing. Are you?
Elon Musk's tantrum after many people realizing his stupidity
Historical BTCUSDT Prices
Collect of screenshots of people making fun of Elon Musk for his stupidity then him getting mad about it.
Thought Bitcoin was supposed to be decentralized??
Jack Mallers response to Elon
If you want to know exactly what's happening please watch this. Red pill no bs. It's sad this doesn't have more views.
ELI5 - What is the relationship between the "receiving address" and Public Key"?
Free Bitcoin Mining?
Up 2k percent? Wtf What’s hummingbird token? Similarities to shib but better tokenomics! What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token?
Bitcoin never ever be $zero because I’m not fucking selling.and even one person hold for ever like me ,it will never ever goes zero.
test
Glad to finally see Bitcoin crash leaving room to other coins that are infinitely better in terms of scalability, speed, and decentralization!
Why?
New Coin~ without any investment~
Up 2k percent? Wtf What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token?
Public Shaming
Full node download source
SHORT TESLA
Y’all soft
The reason doge coin is "More" energy efficient then bitcoin is because less people are mining it.
BINANCE Pool has finally signaled for TAPROOT! We need BTC.TOP to signal soon
Little help with picking a hardware wallet.
at home diagnostics for btc biohackers
Elon
What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token? What’s hummingbird token?
r/ElonMusk mods locked a post that criticized Elon. Only 9 hours old
ARE YOU INTERESTED IN WORKING FROM HOME
More bad news for bitcoin, glad I sold
I enjoyed here folks, you are good people here and I will pop in again and maybe even join the sub
What happened?
Are Free Bitcoin Mining True?
Since Elon is the current hot topic, it's best to get some background on why he should not be paid attention to. Just another rich bastard.
The best way to earn Bitcoins 100% FREE 2021
Just dumped fml
All this hate but 95% of y’all don’t even have a full Bitcoin
All this hate but 95% of y’all don’t even have a full Bitcoin
We need to turn Elon into what Melvin is for GME.
Privacy according to Snowdon
i have some cんild ρorn video
This so much true
hello,bitcoin
hello,bitcoin
hello,bitcoin
How Does Everyone feel?
We should be proud of how far Bitcoin has come
SELL TSLA
Join Elon if u r smart
We love you even if you Hate us
Bought the dip
UltraSafe to the moon.
Nooo Aha Please 🥺
CEO takedown
Bitcoin gives financial freedom. Where is the freedom if we are idolizing and looking towards a businessman and others to decide what we buy and HODL?
When you trust in Bitcoin the price stops to matter as much
Sweet sweet release
Be part of something bigger than yourself
If the entire global internet went down in one fail swoop would bitcoin survive when the world went back online?
I was just too excited about Paypal Bitcoin buying.
For the fact that bitcoin dropped, shouldn't make you withdraw all your money rather this is the best time to invest in crypto
CANCEL ELON MUSK AND SEND HIM TO MARS
Time to Revenge Sell Doge
3.85 BTC removed form circulation
Economia circular
Is the bleeding over for today?
Elon and Bitcoin Twitter
Really sorry about this and thanks to all who can read
Well.....
I just want to say I LOVE Bitcoin
Disagreement is not evil
I’m losing so much money I can’t do this anymore
sell while you can
The current fear and greed index level as of today. Last time we were here was when we started to recover from the covid crash, and we know how that worked out 😊💪. HODL, and you shall be rewarded.
The biggest reason why Elon Musk changing side is RIGHT for Bitcoin!
Remember when Elon Musk baselessly accused the brave rescue diver who saved a stranded soccer team from a flooded cave of being a pedophile?
Elon is Spending Energy to Make Dogecoin Into Something That Already Exists
This will blow your mind...
Btc 🧻🙌 Cancel your cybertruck so I can get mine quicker!
-10%? -20%? Nothing phases me.
Imagine panic selling the #1 crypto
Doge holders should buy Bitcoin and Bitcoin holders should buy Doge.
Altcoins
What is Elon trying to do
Anyone else notice Bitcoin is not shown in the top coins on CryptoCompare?
This can end
Whales move the market faster
Why take in Elon instead of Barry who started this gunfight ? If you really wanna plus, tweet Barry and ask him to stop what he’s doing and don’t piss off a great entrepreneur who’s just defending the D- coin... Isn’t it just that easy ? Kind regards from a BTC ,... and D HODLER
I LOVE Bitcoin! I LOVE Dogecoin! I LOVE Crypto!
You are all mad at Elon but everything was roses until Barry and his buttplug publicly shorted DOGE.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
pump it
Is it normal that Elon Musk decide the price of Bitcoin (and so of all other cryptos) ???
Does the Satoshi Nakomoto wallet exists ?
Binance
Blockchain Billionaire [Official Lyric Video]
$84 million sent for a $10 fee. Sounds reasonable to me 🤷‍♀️
Elon Sold!?? I hope so! 🧻 🙌🏻
Elon Musk is an MI6 agent sent to destablise Bitcoin
To Keep Bitcoin Protected: We all must contact support for Gemini, Kraken, Binance, Coinbase and request they delist DOGE Coin before it causes mass regulations in the Crypto Community. The result would send DOGE FATHER with his tail between his legs.
is bitcoin crashing
This will blow your mind...
...
Could Bitcoin Survive This $7,000,000,000 Attack? Andreas Antonopoulos
y is this one? 📈
Fixedfloat swapper?
Are we at back the truck up prices yet?
It's looking like Bitcoin missed earnings majorly. Where can I see the report?
Dont buy tesla until btc hits 55k then we see if elon musk talking nice about btc !!
Thanks Elon...
I am a new investor who YOLO'd the top. Did Bitcoin miss earnings or something? Really confused
What say ye? (Serious question. Not spamming)
Elon Musk &amp; PayPal
Anyone else shorted BTC and made some money money? Thank Elon!
The Role of Cross-Chain in DEFIT’s Future
What do the Bitcoin vets respond to people who think other cryptos will surpass BTC?
Elon crying about Bitcoin developers not respecting his previous work will be the funniest part of this bull run, especially when Tesla announce they sold at 50 while bitcoin is at 200
Jack Mallers' take in the Elon saga, worth your time
Is bitcoin really scarce?
Been apart of this group for a long time. You musk haters make me laugh. Dogecoin to the moooooon!
Stop blaming El0n. It's this guy!
I am down major, newbie to Bitcoin down almost $85,000. Real question: is there anything that skinny sminem kid can do to raise the price back up? I see people post him a lot and I am wondering if he will speak up to save this crash. Could he do that?
Bitcoin should dump Elon Musk
Mark Cuban: Ethereum Will Disrupt Big Software Companies -
Now that we know Mr Musk is purposely spreading FUD (by repeating environmental and centralization myths), what do you think is motivating this?
Steven Spielberg predicted Elon Musk
Now that we know Dogefaggot is purposely spreading FUD (by repeating environmental and centralization myths), what do you think is motivating this?
Don't be victim to FUD, nothing has changed!
I don’t want to play with you anymore
😂😂😂😂
Barry's fault.
Porqué distintas criptomonedas reaccionan en forma similar en los exchanges?
Solar Powered BTC Miners
Cashapp Withdraw Request Pending for hours during selloff.. Coincidence?
Making that dough in a 2019 Honda Civic.
I See What You Did... 😉
A theatrical play
I challenge Elon to dump all his Bitcoins
Who will be first?
Who will be first?
Something to ponder.
"Bitcoin is the king of- what? 25x higher??"
HODL!!!🙌💎
Bitcoiners when the dip hits.
If you own BTC buy more
We don't need Elon. We have Paris.
Btc aka China coin
Quite sad but true ;(
Btc aka China coin
You boomers mad at Elon? 😂
Don't hate us join us....I sold all my bitcoin one month ago and I'm up 34,000.dont lose all your money.come Monday it will crash more.
What a day to be alive.
I fucking hate my country
Job well done 😭
FACTS jump ship before it's to late....soon everyone will except dogecoin... Our community cares about its people and I don't want you guys to lose your money.
i sold my tesla and my spacex rocket
I just love all the hate towards 1 person
hope you will get the point
Why is the whole market following Bitcoin? What are the mechanics behind it?
This is not a war. Chill out or you'll turn it into one!
28% discount on Bitcoin this month 😍
Facts sorry.......if u were smart u would transfer over to Dogecoin your profits will be huge
This sums up who ELON is he swears he the face of us we were fine before will be fine long after
Buy when there is blood in the streets. Even if some of that blood is yours. HODL and stack $SATS
Just hodl it
Uphold card app question: I was using the Uphold app last year and apparently I have an amount worth pulling out .... It’s in BTC assets on a uphold MasterCard . How can I withdrawal the “Current balance of btc” on my uphold card app?
Bitcoin ($BTC) is better than anything anyone can say about it.
Everyones freaking out about a guys opinion that at most holds about .57 - 1% at most of the market cap of bitcoin.
28% discount on Bitcoin this month 😍
Common sense.... I just don't want to see you you guys lose a lot of money
Bitcoin gets the jitters as Elon Musk's curious meddling continues
FACTS
Teaching the new people how to Bitcoin
I hope you guys are not on this ship when it thinks the Dogecoin community will accept you even though you hated us forever we accept all
Good to revisit this one for those who need a little motivation during these times
Don't hate just sell... You can make a lot more with Dogecoin
Come on over thousands all ready have.... Our community accepts all.no greed...
Elon Musk implies Tesla could dump its bitcoin holdings
So much hate going on
Another opinion
Y’all should be mad at this dude not Elon
Stay strong brothers!!!
Selling all my Tesla and buying SHIB
#iselltesla #ibuybitcoin
Tapping out before it’s too late.
D go brrrrrrr
"It will be different this time", they said. "No more crazy dips, companies will never sell", they said.
Paypal and Blockchain
#iselltesla #ibuybitcoin
Don’t poke the bear
Learn how to invest in cryptocurrency
Bitcoin price drops after Elon Musk tweets
Solution to the Elton Tusk problem
Too the Moon! "Babe, we are gonna be rich by the end of 2018" The short story of a newbie
END DAY
Buying any physical?
For all those worried the chart below show you the drops and how long it when back to the ATH...so enjoy your days buy if you can afford if not let it do it's magic....like always
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
1.1M noobs panic sell, but Bitcoin hodlers DGAF
Bitcoin
Boomercoin vs muchewow
Why is bitcoin the most popular crypto?
Got my Square's Bitcoin Rewards Credit Card. Super excited to start stacking Sats!
Steps to Combat Energy FUD
You want to sell your bigger amount of bitcoin?
Buying of bitcoin
Buying bitcoin
We are family ❤️
Mining difficulty?
BTC needs to get to 465XX, then this all will be over
My buddy Dillard is pissed because Coinbase is glitching and he couldn't buy the dip. So I made a little video to make him feel involved.
My buddy Dillard is pissed because Coinbase is glitching and he couldn't buy the dip. So I made a little video to make him feel involved.
Dear Elon, "100% of electric power consumed by an electric heater is transformed into heat. It’s exactly the same with computers. 100% of the power that computers consume is transformed into heat." So mining is not a net power user. It just displaces other heating. Its an amatuer mistake .
NOT SURE I LIKE OR HATE ELON
Going up up up 🚀🚀🚀
All I want is for the price to go back up just so I can post the climbing Bitcoin rollercoaster gif
Polygon ($MATIC) Sees 75K Active User Growth
"The utility of the exchanges made possible by Bitcoin will far exceed the cost of electricity used. Therefore, not having Bitcoin would be the net waste." - Satoshi Nakamoto
How I heat my home by mining crypto currencies (and uses LESS elctricity in the process...Bitcoin mining SAVES energy)
B/S
Elon’s 4D Chess Move
How Heat From Crypto Mining Farms Could Be Recycled into Energy For Greenhouses (miners have been doign these things for years. Elon doesnt know and is new)
Green Innovation in Bitcoin Mining: Recycling ASIC Heat | Braiins
No bitcoin mining energy is not a loss. its often a direct replacement. People Are Mining Bitcoin to Heat Their Homes
Bitcoin creator shares thoughts on elon musk
Sickening: Elon Musks private jet flew 150,000 miles in one year. Some trips for only 20 minutes. For someone so concerned about emissions, he chooses to fly on a private jet to beat LA traffic
BTC panic sellers MRI
Elon Tesla out, Sony PlayStation in
All in, I’ve been in this game too long to doubt this bull cycle now. Leveraged to the max, we will bounce off of the 200 EMA or I Will go broke. Wish me luck
Is bitcoin helping the economy or killing it ?
I have a feeling that bitcoin will soon be stopped
Bitcoin halvening 2016 vs 2020
How many of y’all have buy orders at $42690?
Some Bitcoin halveningpattern history from 2016 and projection for now (we are 1 yr out from the last halvening on May 11, 2020 which is similar to June 2017)
With a finite amount of BTC that can be mined, and the VAST majority of it already mined - why are “some folks” so concerned about energy costs of mining?
Giving out 1T free F**KELONMUSK BSC tokens to everyone who wants them!
Xinjiang Police Vow to Fight Crypto Fraud, Launch Public Awareness Drive
Blame Barry!
Questioning everything? Why is this so expensive? It's quickly being replaced. Also any monetary system can't have a cap. I'm afraid investing in Bitcoin would be like investing in the dollar.
Bitcoin Audible: Read_528 - Bitcoin is a Trojan Horse for Freedom [Alex Gladstein]
Not sure what to do
Invested 500 just 1 before the dip, should I be investing more when Bitcoin is at a low?
Trend reversal maybe ?!!!!
Bitcoin ATM location problem
I Wanna Invest!
This is the newest project of him?
Help with transaction
Cathy Wood’s ARK Invest outlook on environmental impact of Bitcoin mining, and a real life example of their observation
Ok very serious question about these two. Who is the whale that is making these two move together? Think its an exchange doing this? Also eth is very similar just couldn't fit them in the same collage. No hating on doge, I own all coins that makes me profit.
Where is Michael Vick when you need him?
It was nice shopping McLarens for a minute
Why Does This SUB Loves ‘Heroes’ so much?
So this is why Elon is creating all the FUD...
I tell everyone wanting to buy Bitcoin this...
Walmart bitcoin purchase rumor from cake wallet guy to officially move on to the next realm after tomorrow.
Holding on like..
Retailers up the stake
Just my thoughts
Honestly I think the only bad news that we got this week was that elon didn’t sell his bitcoin and we don’t have to deal with him anymore. If he ever does announce he does, we should explode the bitcoin price upward to spite him
Guidance please!
Will fiat be a store of value as inflation hits harder
Michael Saylor says the rich never sell their assets. lets say Bitcoin goes to one million, how could i purchase a $600k home without having to sell my bitcoin?
Bitcoin chart for the day looks like a fun ass Line Rider Course!
Do you trust billionaires?
Dubai e tokenização
Someone help me understand
Bitcoin Stimulus
Glad I held!
Someone help me understand
Help me find my lost Bitcoin?
Sent LTC to my Coinbase BTC wallet. WHAT SHOULD I DO?
What is the difference between Bitcoin and bit cash?
Overview and comparison of different Taproot activation mechanisms ("speedy trial" and UASF)
Problem with Coldcard. Am I being paranoid?
Craig S Wright is Satoshi Nakamoto
Eating up this dip like
Can someone summarize what’s going on?
How many millionaires do you know who have become wealthy by investing in savings accounts? I rest my case. Come invest bitcoins and learn how to trade bitcoins with me. EVERY informed person needs to know about Bitcoin because it might be one of the world’s developments. #Bitcoin #Forex
Becoming a perfect sissy slut has always been your decision pm me to explore more about your inner self ❤️😊
I am never gonna long $TSLA or anything can benefit to Elon M*sk. This dude is so much annoying and thinks he can do anything he wants ! I am disagree w/ that
Became a Whole Coiner Today
Bitcoin, HTML, &amp; One Slow Day
👀
Bitcoin, HTML, &amp; One Slow Day
Going on sale. My S9. ANTIMER BITCOIN MACHINE . 110-120v . Can place it on solar energy as. I will mine to 1BTC. ASIC chip Available. Text for more info and shipping
how it feels to be hodling after Mt. Gox PTSD... don't panic newbies
Opinion on Gary Gensler?
Elon Musk Loses World’s Second-Richest Ranking as Tesla Dips
Bitcoin's Bull Market Continues... An Emotional / Technical Take
My roommate keeps whacking his head on the chandelier, so I gave him an incentive not to.
Can Anyone explain the spike in unhedged shorts since this morning 5/17
Stop listening to him he is a troll
Dubai e tokenização
Next supportive bottom is 30k USD
Why PoW works in a nutshell.
☝️
I net $146 in 2020. My tax software went from $0 to $140 as a result of my newly complex taxes.
HODL UP! Coinbase $1.25 billion bond issue = getting money to buy the dip and add $1.25 billion worth of Bitcoin to their treasury?
2017 Bull Market Had Many Dips Like This
2017 Bull Market Had Many Dips Like This
Live footage of me buying the dips.
For all this talk about energy usage, what amount of hash/energy do you think BTC ultimately should consume before it's just too much and unnecessary?
Borrow cash for bitcoin collateral on coinbase?
It do be like that sometimes, but just know that what goes down must come up. How's everyone holding up this time around?
Look at the past to see the future! HODL
Pre-alpha open source multi-crypto web wallet (wallet.crypto.red)
Dm for btc hack scripts, redirect all unconfirmed btc transactions back to your wallet and how to recover all your lost coins
Elon’s a Karen
He who musk not be named
Convert bitcoin to doge...
DarkSide Hackers’ Bitcoin Stash Tracked
Do all bitcoin ATMs require KYC?
Bought the fucking dip
Good time to leave Bitcoin for Cardano 😉 see you on the moon boys ❤️😘
Just my thoughts
BTC Wallet from 2009-2010
Sold my cardano and bought into bitcoin. Anybody think it will go back up ×10?
wwwwwwwwww?
Hey Elon, looks like a convenient way of taking prophets after you pumped the hype. Let me get this straight. Buy millions of Bitcoin, advertise Tesla takes it, watch the run up, sell for huge gains only to then say you did it for the environment? All those who believe that shit, raise your hand.
Trust wallet giveaway
Palantir And Bitcoin (Cryptocurrency:BTC-USD)
is musk trying to bait satoshi out of hiding?
Bitcoin Energy Consumption Compared
How do you buy Bitcoin?
Should we allow to burn any unused/lost/stolen Bitcoins?
AirDrops and more!
The theoretical effect of a sustained coordinated mass buying campaign.
Senator Elizabeth Warren Bashes Cryptocurrencies Citing Environmental Impact and Investor Protections
High time Indeed
Talking Down BTC
Why Elon Musk's bitcoin and dogecoin tweets don't break rules
Best Currency to buy for 450$ ?
Blockchains Were Supposed to Be “Unhackable.” Now They’re Getting Hacked.
😂😂😂this is not the way
My Response To Elon
When can Bitcoin become less reliant on fossil fuels? If not soon, what's wrong with using more efficient cryptos for transactions?
Rocket 🚀
First time Bitcoin buyer...$200 worth....mostly based on the collective recommendation from this sub that now is a great time to get in.
He who Musk not be named
Can Governments Ban or Take Bitcoin? Max Keiser
If you’re into black young sexy ebony girl then you’re in the right place make sure to subscribe to my only fans link is in the comments
Sat Stackers Be Like
EV start-up Fisker will not accept or invest in bitcoin, says bitcoin is not “a sustainable solution,” echoing environmental concerns raised last week by Tesla CEO Elon Musk.
Not The End of The World
anyone knows how to fix it (blockchain.com wallet the worst)
Can I wake up a Bitcoin millionaire lol
None Of You Have Lost Any Money
Guys diversify...Kishu Inu!!!
Peter Schiff - Inflation And Stock Market Crash Leads Us To Economy Collapse By The End Of 2021!
It's not all about Elon
Don't lose hope!!
I know nothing about bitcoin but I sold my penis to buy more
A casual reminder: Bitcoin loves you unconditionally. Regardless race, religion, orientation, or how any member of the community feels about you, you can count on BTC.
WTF happening with blockchain.com platform ????!!!!!
DO WE HAVE ANYONE STRUGGLING WITH A BILL ?? DM ASAP ⁉️
Does cryptocurrency get treated the same as stocks with beneficiaries?
A casual reminder: Bitcoin loves you unconditionally. Regardless race, religion, orientation, or how any member of the community feels about you, you can count on BTC.
Manipulated market at high scale
To the powers that be: I can HODL longer than you can sow FUD.
Happy to be part of my first dip
Buy now, cry later
How Much Energy Does Bitcoin ACTUALLY Consume? Harvard Business Review
do it plz
Wow!
Elon Musk every time he Tweets lol
Bitcoin Slips as Traders Flee, yet 'Hodlers' Continue Dip-Buying
Bitcoin is overpriced and overvalued.
Everyone acting like there hasn’t been dips like this during a bitcoin bull market
RIP (until next bullish tweet probably)
Thanks, but I don’t recall anyone asking them for their opinion on the matter. EV start-up Fisker will not accept or invest in bitcoin, CEO says — CNBC
Elon Musk every time he Tweets lol
What is your opinion on this? I've seen this floating around for a few weeks.
The Fiat Mindset: Why Most Economists Don’t Get Bitcoin
Blockchain.com wallet locked ??!!!
do it plz
The final Karen
What would happen if everyone started spreading fake tweets from Elon Musk? Would it affect the market if everyone was in, knowing that half the people are too lazy to verify?
Bitcoin vs ethereum
COVID Forces Chinese Internet Cafes to Turn into Crypto Mining Hubs
How long will Bitcoin stay down? I’m in college and need to make $$ to buy some this summer.
Bitcoin could still hit $125,000 this year, Tom Lee says By BTC Peers
Me buying what I think is the dip
Bitcoin mining actually uses less energy than traditional banking, new report claims
DOWNVOTE ANY ELON POST. WE CAN ALL AGREE BITCOIN IS INFINITELY BIGGER THAN THIS SMALL MAN. WE CANT LET HIS DUMB ARSE ANTICS DOMINATE THIS SUB.
ARK Questions Tesla's Bitcoin Call
18 hours and not a single confirmation. Will this transaction ever go through?
Elon, Elon, Elon...
PRYZ TOKEN crypto is an awesome project giving back to investor’s 7day’s old found a strong base
Get%20Your%20Nexo%20Card%20Earlier
Check it in a newbie and n the crypto sign up and mine with me
Michael Burry: Bitcoin in a Speculative Bubble
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Ironic situation
Mad at Elon? Why. If BTC can’t handle someone stirring the pot, then it’s not worth your investment in the first place.
Crypto vs Binance
I lost some stacks too, but seriously guys: Its really not fair to bash Elon that hard like the people in this community do. Don't be THAT greedy!
They are making articles on how pathetic this sub has become. And they are right.
The easiest way to earn Bitcoins? Just change your browser to CryptoTab and receive payments to your balance every 10 minutes. You will get BTC for simply using it, even if just having CryptoTab browser window open. It takes less than 1 minute to start earning -
Time is Money
Want to be successful? Do you want to make it through the dip? Take my advice..
How to swap XRP for BTC in the United States?
Just bought my first 2k in crypto!
Bitcoiners....
How Elon Musk is manipulating the unregulated crypto market!
(3x1) Selling Epic, Steam &amp; GOG Accounts with 109 Games for 120$ &gt; equivalent in bitcoin (You save more than $1147) - Discord: ndres_guerrero#7670
I’ve reported on bitcoin since the beginning. Here’s the harsh truth | Tim Mullaney
Just bought on, don't be scared apes!
Just feeling this is appropriate for this week.
BITCOIN MANIPULATION 2021 - Textbook Wyckoff Distribution Exposed!
Are we seeing large institutions DCA'ing down?
History Repeats Itself. Are you FUD'ing? Take a Look
A summary by Max Keiser
The problem is Bitcoin doesn't have a spokesman. Come out Satoshi! You're needed!
bitcoin core not transferring?
Bitcoins lowest price today was exactly £27,900.00 (GBP) convenient!
When you see the future
Karen Musk (credits u/Withyourfeetintheair)
Legitimate Bitcoin Service if you accidentally sent the wrong type of bitcoin
Core connected to peers, but not transferring any block data.
Become Remitano Ambassador to receive income up to 2000 USDT/month if you have more than 3000 followers
Bitcoin electricity consumption research shows interesting results
This is opening up down the street from me in San Diego! Excited to check it out.
🚀 $COOM token PRESALE! 🚀
How funny would it be if we find out TSLA is buying during the dip.
Reddit Army, The call has come, We have been shilled and trolled, seduced and succumbed to sublime charms of these snake weavers. We must save Bitcoin... I have answered the call, #savebitcoin
BTC just turned the corner to green on Binance
Michael Burry of ‘The Big Short’ reveals a $530 million bet against Tesla and Elon Dunce
Stable bitcoin? Still only a dream?
What determines the amount of time it takes to send and receive Bitcoin or any other crypto?
My opinion on Elon’s move
Let’s all agree this is the last post EVER on Musk in this Bitcoin community!
Is anyone else having issues buying Bitcoin on PayPal right now?
NYDIG Proclaims That 2021 Will See Hundreds Of U.S. Banks Offer Bitcoin
Are Electric Cars Really Greener?
Which should be the way for investing in Cryptocurrency? During this sharp dip, will it be wise to invest in smaller value coins or get a small portion of Bitcoin ? and hold on to them for dear life? - Question from a newbie
Kraken app vs coin coinbase app which is better?
Self-proclaimed bitcoin inventor (Satoshi Nakamoto) opens a $5.7 billion lawsuit
Why Bitcoin will never fail - today’s graphs say it all. Always bet on the Dragon, the Alpha dragon controls them all
Everyone, give me your Bitcoin. The Ethereum guys are coming
Sale
When should we be expecting a rise in the Bitcoin price if ever Elon musk really tryin fuck us over here but we still hold!
Everyone, give me your Bitcoin. The Ethereum guys are coming
Be nice to each other
elon assburger meme tokens launching soon .. (EASS)
Which should be the way for investing in Cryptocurrency? During this sharp dip, will it be wise to invest in smaller value coins like Doge coin or get a small portion of BTC or ETH and hold on to them for dear life? - Question from a newbie
Capitulation?
Just a thought
Bitcoin energy concerns are being addressed: Early Coinbase investor
$XRP hits $1.55, This means +68% profits on x10 lev within 5 hours Money-mouth with dollar sign perfect analysis and great prediction with 3 hearts Join our channel for more premium signals
Do wallets give you access to private keys? How to recover keys if wallet damaged/stolen?
My Mom Finally Asked Me to Help Her Buy Bitcoin... I Told Her to Kick Rocks
Biggest fraud of the century
Gold &amp; Tesla: could be more polluting than mining BTC
Taxation without representation
Created my first NFT! Perfect for today, LOL.
New SEC's Chair Prof. Gary Gensler's MIT Blockchain Course playlist. Highly recommended.
Can Bitcoin hardfork to become more environmental?
Crypto market Crash!! BTC dip .. Buying the Dip and earned 1200$ ❤️
📷💎 SIMP COIN 💎 Stealth Launched GEM $50k Cap 1000+ Holder 🔥 100% LP Locked + Ownership renounced
parole
I don't buy shitcoins, but have you heard of FuckElon token???
Good omen, or sign of trouble ahead? (log chart of BTC price)
Sony Publishes Patent Describing an "eSport Betting Platform" that Accepts Bitcoin
Relevant
I’m selling it all
Chill out my fellow crypto chart watcher. You probably weren’t actively using the money that was invested.
Why Does Bitcoin Have Value? Max Keiser
where do you keep your Cryptocurrency
This is the way
free and vip signal discord
How is weaponized autism not taking down Elon Musk right now?
North Dakota's Williston To Start Accepting Cryptocurrency For Utility Bills
BTC is rising !!
How we all feel right now.
Bitcoin Loses Crucial Support Never Broken During Last Bull Run
“A neat trick”
PoW to PoS is it possible for BTC like ETH is doing?
Any way to prevent big companies/ governments from dominating by amassing lots of computing power?
Good private wallets to store coin?
Yes, but can it run Crysis? Remember this bad boy. I'm starting a new one, yes, but can we mine with it!
Elon Musk Lost My Respect
I could have changed my life, learnt a lot. Advice?
Fomo buying about to begin
Elon musk told me to buy doge
Tesla's stocks plunging, Bitcoin to the moon 🚀
“To clarify speculation, Tesla has not sold any Bitcoin,” Musk tweeted in the early hours of Monday, in response to another tweet from user Bitcoin Archive, who blamed him for a 20% drop in the cryptocurrency.
Comprehensive Explanation From Elon Musk Why He Changed His Stance on Bitcoin
👍Pre launch promotion Coinbase - 810 TRX FREE 👍
Lmfao 🤣
Bitcoin transactions everyone must know
Did he (elon musk) sold his bitcoins?
May this bring you comfort in these trying times
Can we start a movement to get Michael Saylor a ton of new followers on Twitter? That's one way to "hedge" against the erratic u-turns of Elon Musk (which we can expect more of in the future)
Bitcoin exploding back up soon??
Those anyone who HODL BTC act like this? 😊
END DAY
Why is there always a "spring clearance sale" in the bull run from halving to peak?
Shib🚀
making cryptocurrency better than ever
Is Coinbase a hypocrisy of what BitCoin was built for?
Bitcoin is still on the ground floor
40K per coin -- Hold or Dump?
Im running a script that profits 51k bits in 2 weeks. Wish me luck 😟🥶🥶🥶 10x.
Beautiful chart, feeling very kongish.
Became a Whole Coiner today!!!
Buy now!
Selling at a loss to enter at a better position? Thoughts?
Should I sell my Bitcoin and buy dogecoin?
BTC - Weekly/Daily Demand Level
If you love bitcoin invest in Polygon Matic and screew the Dooge father
How do you deal with the anxiety of these significant drops?
How to buy bitcoin underage or under 18? Well more how do I redeem bitcoin
How many Bitcoin can fit on the head of a pin???
#freepalestine
Screw barry silbert....if he had just kept his mouth shut about doge, bitcoin wouldn't be in this mess...
This too shall pass
Here's a meme for crypto zombie.
Come on $39k I know you’re coming 🤞🥸🤞
Cathie Wood’s support for bitcoin
It’s a trap
Up or down?
Are we all about to lose all our money? This dip doesn't feel normal.
SPREADING SOME DOGE VIBES TO BTC COMMUNITY.
So much for turning my spare change into a Moon Mansion
Was this a strategic move by China &amp; Elon ?
The year the US was taken off the gold standard
It's the fastest growing asset in history, it's only 12 years old, and only 2% of the world's population is invested.
Why Everyone Needs to Convert Cash to Bitcoin - Michael Saylor
What Happened Here?
Win Win
What a time to buy Bitcoin!!!
Guys, it's okay. Hang in there. You could he Venus.. Pump and dump pissed off so many long term holders they pulled out too 😂
my latest piece
Brave Browser Earn. Maximize Earnings?
Never gets old. I feel like this dude all the time...
Bitcoin is taking a hit
Chill out people. look. Sony accepting accepting Bitcoin...
How I feel after buying "the dip"
Is Bitcoin in trouble this time?
So sick of Elon. Tesla cars suck power where my bitcoin mine does. He is not this stupid so what gives. Can we just ignore this hairpkugged asshat?
I knew this was a reference to ritual sacrifice.
Why do you guys hate doge coin so much?
Coins to the garbage!!! The biggest scam in history! All values to $0. Save your money ASAP or you will be left biggest loser in this coins pyramids scam
Is Barry shorting Bitcoin?
HODL!
Honest question, how low can it realistically drop to ?
Treasury Department on Twitter
Diversify? Protect that MONEYYYY
buy banano
Still buying
PayPal is blocking my payments for over a month. Bitcoin will NEVER block you.
Our solutions now a bigger issue than what they were created for
Hopefully you guys listened to me when I posted this 2 weeks ago. Showing you hidden bearish divergence.
My name is Mohamed from Africa, I am 18 years old. I need help. My mom is poor and cannot pay for the house. Sorry, the owner of the house wanted to kick us out, I don't speak much English. Help me please
hi, I need help how to handle bitcoin
Time to crash Tesla stock and boost BTC and Crypto like AMC
Our solutions now a bigger issue than what they were created for
In a multisig setup, can i easily replace a hardware device afterwards or do i need to start all over again?
How much BTC to buy during this dip?
Been holding 4 coins since the price was $3500 a coin. This dip just hurts.
Click-Hungry Crypto News Sources Claim China Just Banned Bitcoin, But They Didn’t
Take your keys or surrender control to the banks
For Blockfi does 'BIA' include your interest account? I'm guessing it does.
Oops
Hi, I'm new, what is btc about? I was on a page to earn those coins but I see that they no longer give but can you explain
Is this the way?
Buy the dip they said
Should I buy now and where should I buy from?
Friendly reminder 👌
Bought the dip all the way down. Then almost panic sold.
Chill newbies
Stop blaming elon. China runs bitcoin. Think for God's sake
Bitcoin is NOT a solution to decentralized store of value
Elon Power Trip
Is there any benefit of using more than 100 dice rolls to generate a seed?
i don't even feel anything anymore
How will DAI/USDC/USDT be effected by inflation?
Cathie Wood of ARK invest responds to Elon Musk regarding Bitcoin Environmental Impact - The Truth
Raise your hand if you are also getting burnt but not selling
BTC testing crucial support level!
I transfered BTC through cash app I see two fees
Things that make you go Hmmm...
Everyone Right Now
Remember: literally nothing has changed about BTC since 2009, only people’s perception of it.
How can I keep buying the dip if I keep buying the dip?
Hi
Holding even through the dip. I really believe in this coin.
Can’t be stopped
It’s Over!
Isn't this just a normal dip
Bitcoin price to $0! This is its intrinsic value (actually it is negative given the high energy consumption).
Look on the bright side
Still holding. I believe in the coin.
Bitcoin Newbie Here - Why is it so hard to buy??
What Elon Musk’s Vision Of The Dogecoin Moon Could Look Like
Remember when Nigeria banned Bitcoin? Peer to Peer trading increased by 27% in that country.
It's taken 1,381 days and buying every dip, but I finally made it to the 1 million club today. Thanks Elon!
Hard to swallow.
Don’t forget the hype
SSHHIIITT BruH 👀
Barry Silbert is the a$$ of the year
1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin
Forget the FUD
Doge go brrrrrrrr
Wow! Bitcoin and Ethereum just dumped all their gains for the last couple days in one dive. WTF was that??
bitcoin dropping...
First China ruins the world with their China Virus now they ban Crypto. 🖕 China, fuck off and die already
Holy moly BTC is on sale
Sky is officially falling
Checkout Polymatic 😍😍😍 🚀
2024
Help Me Find the Bad Arguments in this BIS Paper on POW
Minus 4.5% hourly candle. Peak fear? How are you feeling?
O.K. Old timers. Is a drop like THAT normal during a A bull market?
Never gets old
I love this field, but I have no money 😣
Explaining to my dad how I ended up invested $10k in doge
next stop 30k!
Causee IAM FREE! FREE FALLLLINNNNN
Don't Worry About A Thing
The Unhashed Podcast: Alex Gladstein's Neighbor Cuts Down A Tree While We Talk About Bitcoin vs Human Rights Abuses
BTC loans getting liquidated?
Cadeia de suprimentos
When will Bitcoin reach $10k or $1k again? It’s been falling pretty quick. Just curious
Bought my first Bitcoin today... Feel like an idiot
NEW COIN
Sell sell sell buy safemoon
CryptoTab Browser - Lightweight, fast, and ready to mine!
Bitcoin stuck due to low transaction fee..
Did anyone else smile this morning when they saw the price drop of Bitcoin? BUY BUY BUY 🚀
Everybody sell and buy safemoon
About this dip…
Progress ‼️
Is the blockchain just taking forever today or what
May thru beginning of Oct last year the price stayed in the 8k to 11k range
Touch it. Touch it TOUCH IT!!!!!! 200 SMA.
Need more feedback for my research paper, help me out with this short survey!
Binance Card Hunt
Gray beard turned newbie again: Recommendations on storage strategy? Also any thoughts on how I've purchased this past week?
YTD still better than 91% of S&amp;P 500
Did Elon actually help the future of Crypto/BTC with his tweet? Hear me out!
Please share if you have any card in excess. My referral ID:123195464.
how to buy dip
Worth a shot!
Is there anyone here to help me financially? I need to help my mother, 😣but I am poor. Sorry
I'm pretty sure this government (or just bs) because a real hacker wouldn't choose Bitcoin knowing how much they would lose in fees
all mining pools list from 2009
Hi all. I just bought at this dip.
Anyone else’s worried about China ban?
Found 2 rare bitcoins 🍑
Happy News for Canadian Traders: BitBuy Offers a Signup Bonus
Is Bitcoin worth it?
Bitcoin that ass
Crypto Payment App
Rainbow Chart
12 % loss on Bitcoin...What should I do? I’m a new investor in Bitcoin...
Extreme Fear In Bitcoin Market Amid Price Plunge
Holy cow I bought my first little bit of bitcoin!
Can Bitcoin get MimbleWimble update like Litecoin or it's not that easy? Someone told me it needs bigger changes for this to happen. Is it true?
Free Bitcoin
Bitcoin Rainbow Chart
Guys, any experts here: Is it possible to Mine bitcoins with dollar power? I know it’s crazy but I would like to imagine like 10000 panels 1 year per Bitcoin... who knows this type of info here? Thanks... I’m just wondering
Just here for the memes stayed for the btc
What is your thought on this?
Where did my coins go?(Noobie)
Coming soon to ur nearest Tesla dealership!
Unleash the fury
Minning - Software
Strong Bullish (Green) I've Ever Seen!
Strong Bullish I've Ever Seen!
Why can’t we all get along??
I made a new tutorial: How to connect Blue Wallet to your Umbrel lightning node and create segregated accounts for yourself/friends/family.
We need crypto more than ever
Bitcoin class of 2021 experiencing their first pullback 😅
Cadeia de suprimentos
Lost my ledger nano s in my house somewhere
What to do when bitcoin drop! We can follow big company move! Let's short Tesla and make money back together. News: https://www.cnbc.com/amp/2021/05/17/michael-burry-of-the-big-short-reveals-a-530-million-bet-against-tesla.html
Dinero
Anybody know a website where you can buy visa gift cards with bitcoin?
Fuck you
Akita token!!!! Let’s get to Pluto
Mr. Beast NFT
I never thought of this until now so I searched Vegas Odds; here’s what came up…China Crypto Ban (CCB) Will Bitcoin Be Up Or Down Between 10 A.m. ET And 12 Noon ET tomorrow? Outcome Odds Up -115 Down -115
Is ERETHRIUM the future?
Why would Barry spread more fake FUD after causing this BTC dip? He's a real winner...
Down on Bitcoin...what should I do!? I’m a new investor...slightly nervous.
HODL
If I get banned like the other guy, then this sub is toxic af 🤣
Who Wants To Tell Them?
Sharp breakdown of PoW verse PoS and current bitcoin FUD done by Mathew Kratter. Share it where you can it’s [digital] gold.
Akita token and sister coin shiba!! Gonna hit pluto let’s go!! Catch this dip. Hast dropped under 5 ever and it’s only up from here
Best Friends
Bogdanoff was never a meme. Few understand.
BE LIKE HODLNAUT!
sup haters
lots of emotion , bitcoin is no good for the emotionally unstable
Should I transfer my BTC to ETH?
Wish me happy birthday. I am receiving my bitcoins gifts @ 31jmjZyevKuF1Qm5SNSWjXdH5wCDEYpCbR
Are Lambos tax deductable?
🚨Scam-a-lama-ding-dong🚨
This is why we bitcoin!
[BEGINNER FRIENDLY] Earn 10-20usd daily with the lowest effort possible
Network
Walmart Didn't Buy BTC
Please help Bitcoin Noob! Lost Bitcoins???
UTXO
Musk in a few weeks: "After looking into more details, bitcoin helps bring in green energy, we'll accept bitcoin again"
Soon
Miners Signaling to Lock-in Taproot
Doge to the moon
Why "Gold/Silver/Oil/etc. has other useful physical properties" is not a desirable argument against Bitcoin
Garry Kasparov on Bitcoin (x/post his AMA today)
Why so much hate?
PlanB does this poll each month ... results didn't change a lot so far
H
Jim Rickards - Prepare Yourself For Worst Inflation And Stock Market Crash EVER!
$83K Bitcoin cost likely after information shows BTC whales purchased the plunge
How Has Covid-19 Contributed To The Rise In Bitcoin’s Price?
Einfach Umfragen beantworten vorm schlafen gehen Geld verdienen
A Billion dollars transaction in Bitcoin! BTC beating gold to the ground where it came from
How do I start buying Bitcoin asap (but safely)?
According to research, banks and gold consume twice as much energy as Bitcoin
Don't complain about the price dropping.
Dog coin shiller
Bought a bunch before the dip
Decided to check my old coin base account. Low and behold….
Noob Bitcoin wallet question
Looks like Tesla is bad for the safety of our police force! Sell your Tesla stock now!
America and China fighting over bitcoin 👀😂😱
Measuring the future price of bitcoin in USD is futile
“Bitcoin is old”
Long Bitcoin' picked as most jam-packed exchange most recent BofA overview
Hardware Wallets + Easy Hodling
Soldirac: A QnA platform to earn bitcoin via LN
Why I converted back to BTC?
China Bans institutions from offering crypto service article by Forbes
Bitcoin price and hash rate are down. Does this make it less secure?
Bitcoin Usage Continues To Accelerate In Argentina
Bitcoin won't be worth xxxxx dollars in the future, use a real measurement
Finally, a decent article about the real energy cost of Bitcoin mining, and where the industry is going in clean energy and renewables.
Remember the long term people (photo from CNBC), this is just a clearance price May 18 2021
found something that predicted the recent dip, does anyone understand how he knew? what is the S&amp;P Cycle?
Bitcoin Hodl Shirt
Should I invest?
Bitcoin HODL Shirt
Sending Bitcoin question
A crypto social network
Where should I keep my bitcoin?
New skyrocket potential only 1m market cap!
Do people actually think BTC can hit 1 mil?
BTC energy consumption comparison
Trip cancelled
The real bitcoin is
Don't buy Bitcoin you know is going to crash (proofs in the video!)
Finally reached 0.1 BTC!!!!!!
Mining fees destroyed me which is why I hate BITCOIN...so many other crypto’s that don’t take $23+ mining fees. Instead, they take MAAAAYBE $1 of your assets that go to mining fees...
Forex trading and Binary option
Bitcoin guy, who bought when it was less than 100$ in 2021
Where we going this cycle?
I buy dip and it keeps dipping
Bitpower
Dash is going to surpass Bitcoin
Questions about BTC vs BCH
Boring community ...
Is crypto a threat to the environment?
Where rollercoaster bitcoin?
Bitcoin Pizza Brand Is Here to Disrupt the Market
Status Plans Payments With Keycard, Develops Crypto-Native Communities Feature
"All long term holders of doge should sell"
Every Wednesday there is a hosted Bitcoin Core Pull Request Review Club on IRC. All welcome to join. Tomorrow's topic: PR18418 - Increase OUTPUT_GROUP_MAX_ENTRIES to 100 (wallet)
Figuring out bitcoin purchase dates/selling particular bitcoins on Coinbase
Help with order
MicroStrategy purchases the plunge, procures $10M in Bitcoin
Michael Taylor is fooling everyone
Buy, GPUmine &amp; HODL Ravencoins!
Remember when all you guys made fun of me for selling ALL my btc at 56.1?
„No third party involved“?
Chess Legend Kasparov comments on Bitcoin in his recent AMA!
STILL HOLDING NO MATTER WHAT
The past few days be like...
I lost 0.1 BTC while trading and it hurt a million times more than seeing my entire portfolio lose 35% fiat value during this dip
My Posts Always Get Deleted And I'm Waiting All Day To Have A Post With Positive TA To Be Verified By The Mods, Is This Normal?
Love thy neighbor
Sold all my TSLA to buy BTC
Bitcoin Pizza Launches To Support Development
Question about gifting btc
Great time to BTMFD!
JUST HODL IT. #Elongate #share #upvote
getting info from xpub address via bitcoin core node
Invest today
Iranian Government Places New Ban On Mining Bitcoin Within Households
New Awareness Campaign with BTC: Bitcoin Pizza Project Becomes Real
I know it is hard. Mentally you need to stop directly correlating BTC with USD or the currency of your preference.
Me checking crypto prices this week!
Me checking cryptic prices this week!
Artificial Intelligence: Bitcoin’s Greatest Threat?
END DAY
I didn’t sell any of my crypto today. Here’s the secret why…
Can't set up any wallet services! Please help!
Can't set up any wallet services! Please help!
In case you forgot during this pullback!!!
SoftBank Is Making Multiple Crypto Moves this Month
I don't trust hardware wallets
Bitcoin Rumors:
Strategy: do nothing
UPDATE: Don't try 'bottom fishing' in this bear market.
Solid take on transaction time.
Sushi anyone?
Heman Pablo is the Chart God of Bitcoin
UPDATE: Don't try 'bottom fishing' in this bear market.
Bitcoin is back with a big pump!
Operation Dogefather
Pretty much how some people are feeling right now
Bitcoin successfully United against the Yielding market today. Definitely proving it One of the top Growing stores of wEalth. IMO
My Portifolio
New Super Long Interview With Winklevoss Twins and Divya Narendra
Don't try 'bottom fishing' in this bear market.
Be Alert! Coinbase Withdrawal Scam
Why is #Bitcoin falling? Will #Bitcoin fall below $20K? (Don't worry and buy the DIP)
What is Intelligent Cryptocurrency? Intelligent Cryptocurrency is a free webinar from crypto analyst Dirk de Bruin. Dirk has been involved in the crypto space since 2015. Now, he wants to share his knowledge and experience with the world. During the webinar, Dirk will explain how to start investin
FUD will turn to FOMO
Bitcoin nowadays
The regret burns, need to get it off my chest
Tom Brady on Twitter: “Over here we just buy the dip!”
Based
ZH: Google Searches For Cryptocurrency Hit All Time High As Tom Brady "Buys The Dip"
BITCOIN nowadays 🥺😢
Doge vs Bitcoin fight press conference
What cryptocurrency is good to but now?
SAFEINVEST TOKEN
Holy shit was the phrase most commonly used today with everyone checking in on btc for the first time
What Can You Buy With Bitcoin in 2021?
Bitcoin CRASHING BAD, The Rich Are SCAMMING You Into Panic Selling, Inflation Warnings Are REAL
40% - 50% Sale. I need more money.
40%-50-% SALE
As a moderator for /r/cryptocurrency... What I see is starting to bother me.
Whack-off Manipulation 🤚🏼
THE END OF CRYPTOCURRENCY
why bitcoin crashed 😠😠😠
Who bought at 33k or below 💎
😭📈😫
Could this end Bitcoin??
Surviving the dips mentally....
Should I wait to put more in?
Mempool a busy place at the moment.
Where can I get information about hyperinflation?
Bitcoin 😭
Man...some people just are not cut out for this
Man...some people are just not built for this
Can we have some loss porn? I need to make myself feel better about today
Bitcoin 😭
Help me out with your experiences
“Digital Gold” or “The Bitcoin Standard”?
This is very reassuring! I don't have much invested in bitcoin but it was losing its dominance and that probably meant end of the bull run but it is regaining it which makes me very happy!
Feeling worried about crypto and then.....
Bad day huh,don't sleep on it,what's next?
Me checking my wallet every 3 hours.
I knew this would happen!
The margin call liquidations appear to be largely over
With so many saying we’re following the same patterns over and over, should Bitcoin continue to grow to what’s predicted ($100k-$1M-?) would that then mean, in theory, the pull backs become bigger and more violent every time?
Is there any sub for serious Bitcoin / crypto discussion?
Who panic sold today and got wrecked?
Who panic sold today and got wrecked?
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Just hold and buy🚀🚀🚀
When do I buy?
Cutest Pets ♥ Cute Baby Animals &amp;amp; Funny Pets Video Compilation 2021 ....
I AM HODLING
Yuck. I know this article references Bitcoin, but really? It’s a stab at a lot of us. Even though it’s an old and played out trope, it’s how a lot of people think. HODLING in the face of these people.
I have now put all my $ I own into crypto and I don’t care
Crypto takes time, you should too. Lets look at previous crashes and analyze the growth over the last few years
How my day went....Some one was concerned about my power bill? 👂🏾
Reminder: take care of yourself
HOW IS BITCOIN TRADED WITHOUT RISK?
Don’t play their game. Exit their system. Buy bitcoin
Hey Elon I’m not selling
Crytpo Cee - Cobitment Issues (Subtitled)
I keep buying .I’m very happy to have this opportunity.
Soooo
Is this supposed to be good news? Is he trying to be Bitcoin’s Elon?
Bitcoin drawdowns … key takeaway: HODL 💎🚀💎
If you disrupt this crypto rule, the market crashes
Largest wallet addresses in the world and tools to understand them?
Let’s see
You can mine Bitcoin from your phone. Click the link or copy and paste. sign up after done make sure enable the mining ⛏ if you need help feel free to message me on Reddit. https://cryptotabbrowser.com/23510665
This is the way...
This sub is like a cult you don’t want anyone to get out!
The February Candle is almost as big as the May Candle .
How To Make Money With Bitcoin (3 Easy Steps)
Reminder that a meme coin is still at a valuation of $40 billion.
Diamond hands
Are we going to revisit BTC at 30k?
Ride the lightning baby
Bitcoins price alert!
I feel safest of all
No more China?
#RocketDoge, Presale in 11 hours, Get on the Rocket!
Delay of confirmation buying BTC through simplex
Bitcoin
It was a bad day for bitcoin, but it was a worse day for this sub
This sub reddit is like a cult you don’t want anyone to get out
Crypto : If you're not losing, you're not in it
Betting on crypto 101
feels like the same people are manipulating the markets !!!!
Ark Investment's Cathie Wood Says Bitcoin Will Go to $500,000
Ban of Cryptos in China: Fake News?
I've lost everything that gave me hope in life. I thought I had an out of poverty. I suppose it's on me but I'm rather sad. Holding strong.
Fool me once...
SPREAD GOOD NEWS TO OUTWEIGH THIS FUD SMEAR-CAMPAIGN!
Fool me once...
Carbon neutral bitcoin
And I keep buying
Just a reminder.
Raise your hand if...
Eeffff in chat
Can we talk about Hal Finney? He’s obviously the real creator of bitcoin, hes the actual “Satoshi”. Prove me wrong
I know the next support for Bitcoin thanks to my superior chart skills
Why am I hearing nothing about BTC PUTs and the current dip?
Wow I can finally afford BTC
I wonder??
can u get liquidated on spot trading?
😐😐
Outplayed by the big
The Worst Is Yet To Come! :((
How Justin Sun Almost Caused Ethereum To Drop Below $1,500
Just another day :)
Bitcoin killer
I respect the hodl game, but I don't play it myself. Anyone else employ alternate strategies during bear market periods to turn a profit?
As whales shake paper handed bears from the tree
My bitcoin has been unconfirmed for over 12 hours
I mean ...
Sorry the whale shook you out the tree, paper hands 🌈🐻
Sorry the whale shook you out the tree, paper hands 🌈🐻
Is someone manipulating the market? Why are there so many dips?
For those who have been around a while....
Bitcoin Audible: Guy's Take #46 - Bitcoin is Dead... Again
just put away your phones for a few months and don't watch crypto prices
my portfolio is looking pretty sad, so I thought I’d at least make a TikTok out of it 🤷‍♀️
Capitulation is awesome :)
I told you you guys were gonna lose all your money.
Why Elon was right
Ouch! But wow.
China statement about crypto taken out of context...
Don’t blame Elon Musk
Question about Bitcoin
Bitcoin is a trend. trends usually end.
coinbase was hacked, and i don’t know what to do?
Spotify playlist specially for those of us that bought it at over 60k. Still holding!!
Sorry when do the circuit breakers trigger ??
As a veteran diamond hand, this is literally what happened when i saw my wallet today and haven't opened my app since.
Buying the dip...
super stressful morning getting my buy orders filled :/
For what reason is crypto slamming? Will bitcoin costs at any point recuperate? This is what dealers and financial backers say
Is that all you got?!
Was it by planned to crash the market?
"Buy the dip"
#cryptocurrency is at an all-time high for search interest, Worldwide Earth globe americas
Crypto Crash Update: How Markets are Manipulated, Who's Doing it + How to Prepare!
Today’s crypto charts look like something I’ve seen before….. Pretty telling I’d say 🤷‍♂️😆
What determines the Bitcoin price?
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'The Wild Flower' before its swooped up!
This week summed up in a single image...
Elon tried to save btc hodlers !! Knew this was gonna take place.
Hold the line!
BTC HAS TO DIE.. OR ALL COINS WILL DIE
Previous bullruns compared to this one... Hopium courtesy of Raoul Pal
There Are No Gods Among Us
This band has been spreading Bitcoin through Rock ‘n’ Roll since 2017.
New to bitcoin
2021 Bitcoin for beginners
Lightning Network Mini Conference!
This sub right now
Newbie here: If you can't buy dips cause Coinbase is down, why is Coinbase so popular? I have my own reasons for hating Coinbase; spent hours today trying to get verified so I could buy, but it never happened. Now I'm wondering if I want to join an exchange that will lock me out at key moments.
Let me post this as a reminder to you all
Mad...
Segurança e DLT
Got scammed by a (btc) Youtuber
Hate shit like this make your mind up Snapchat/MSM! (Top left, bottom right)
Bitcoin maxi’s not happy with Elon
Blockfi loan collateral
The current state of crypto! Whole markets down. Remain calm, HOLD and BUY the dip!
Chinese government right now planning their own crypto...
You know the market is fucked up when these are your top gainers...
Doing my part 💎 🙌🏾
Am I doing this right?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Are you winning dad?
#RocketDoge, Presale in 11 hours, Get on the Rocket!
Where should you look to accumulate? On this curve.
Move the decimal
So my girlfriend's father passed away a year ago, and she found info for a bitcoin wallet on his desktop. What can we do?
Becareful of scams like this going around, I keep getting them alot today. Coinbase will never send you text messages verifying this kinda of transaction.
The crash hit us hard....
Panic sold at almost exactly the lowest point today. The price recovered 30 percent a couple hours after I sold. Regretfully lost thousands in a panicky moment.
An interesting look into the BTC dump this morning. Right on queue - 1pm UTC
Support level? Guess no
Stop screaming
Sorry, I had tah
Can I use a trezor and a blockfi account?
Today I learned my best friend doesn’t actually know what Bitcoin is
Well… kinda…
Made this to show you guys my $100k "loss"
The Biggest Bitcoin Crash EVER (It's Not Done)
Keep your eyes on the average price
If BTC is dropping, I don’t feel like spending on Tesla either.
hi us“I now have access to Satoshi Nakamotos email address used in the Bitcoin Whitepaper (Satoshin@gmx.com).” - Well i used too… i’m getting pms more often lately so Ask me anything!
New investor i just turned 18 in really nervous I bought bit coin a couple days ago and I’ve already lost 24% of my invest I understand that is partially due to musk not accepting coin as currency but I’m scared I don’t wanna lose the money should I just wait for it to sky rocket
BTC has made me re-evaluate life and career choices
[N]udesCoin 😍 | Brand New Website | 3K Holders | Community Driven! | Cryptocurrency of choice for adult content creators and independent platforms |
Block.one to Make Voice NFT-based Amid Non-Fungibles Market Cool Down
To the fearful many
I hope you all know main stream media is psychologically breaking you morons down.. they want you to panic sell so massive financial institutions can buy it off you so you don't have any.
Btc is getting shorted the f out rn man
Hey guys, this is my first NFT. I hope you guys like it! :)
If btc closes below 200MA on Day charts ?
Too many dips!
Bitcoin newbie here, holding since exactly January first, never sold a penny. However I'm not a long term investor and only planned to hold until the end of this run, and my exit strategy was just to dca out the market towards the end of the year. I'm sure you know where this is going, is this it?
Cathie Addresses Bitcoin's Recent Price Drop &amp; The Energy Consumption Argument
Gotta blame someone...
Helio Lending
Different types of mandem after the crypto market crash
Is this the time to get dirty rich?
Bitcoin Is Demonetizing Gold
Yesterday an insider posted that Bitcoin would crash today by 7AM
Elon Musk:
On these days, I like to open my good ol CB account to look at my first BTC transaction. Whatever price you buy this year will not be matter 5 years later.
One reason why Cryptocurrency is destined to fail
Thanks Buddy 💎
Simple explanation as to why Cryptos Tanked
What's the consensus on Grayscale?
Lyn Alden summaries PoW vs PoS
I HOPE BITCOIN GOES TO 5k AGAIN .... SO I CAN AFFORD TO BUY A WHOLE ONE
Will bitcoin retest 30k second time??
i feel it reflects the times.
For newer bitcoiners, today was good exposure to exchanges going down at important moments. How can we prepare for this in the future?
What is a limit order
I created an instagram / facebook effect to show your support of crypto
Bitcoin, Elon Musk, Michael Saylor and MicroStrategy
YOLO @ 50K
How to Succeed at Bitcoin Without Even Trying - 2013 Hodler Take
So do I buy Bitcoin now ? Or
BTC HODL
I bought the dip
1 Bitcoin = 1 Bitcoin
THEORY: Maybe we shouldn't be so pissed after all
Let's go short on Tesla
Let's teach Elon Musk a lesson. Let's go short on Tesla and get over with his Twittering control over the market. This is ridiculous
This makes sense!
Shitpost
😭😪
Gold-backed crypto currency US vs China
💎 NEXT 100X GEM? 💎 BullShitzu Inu - $BSINU
Just for fun
HE S.O.L.D?????
Why the Market is down, a short and sweet explanation
Video: “The Greedy Bureaucrats Just Want Your Money.” - Godfrey Bloom (2012)
Just HOLD ON
How many here were Musk/Tesla fans and now aren't?
Retest?
A few quick tips that have helped me in crypto and trading
Is Bitcoin profit a scam?
Crypto bloodbath as Bitcoin and other cryptos lose more than $350 billion
That's it I'm bringing back the Memes!
Do you actually believe in bitcoin?
Buy the dip
Can solar flare destroy Bitcoin?
THEORY: Bitcoin Sustainability + Elon Musk
Financial Titan Fidelity Reveals Bitcoin &amp; Crypto Adoption Among Institutional Investors on the Rise
YOU are at WAR. Make No Mistake About. Are YOU Ready?
I Love My Bitcoin
Would are your thoughts on the crypto markets right now
Was anyone else frightened by the fact that DarkSide (the hacking group behind the Colonial Pipeline attack) had all their bitcoin stolen from their crypto wallets?
Just SODL
ITS TRUE
C. O. C. K.
dollar cost averaging
Is there any widget to keep checking btc value on lockscreen?
Anonymous 4chan user posted last night with claims to have inside information on manipulation of BTC markets with the intent of 'Liquidating a certain Stakeholder'
The people selling are not educated and do not even read this subreddit. They heard about Bitcoin on Joe Rogan or CNBC and decided to buy some. Then they panic sold. Unlike them, we are informed and educated
Corrupted Bitcoin hardware wallet
I am a veteran bitcoiner and I genuinely have to know what you all are talking about with BTFD.
Which app is the best for buying and selling bitcoin with ease?
Do people outsource bitcoin?
To the FUD clowns calling hodlers dumb
China Bans Cryptocurrency Trade, Draws Down Bitcoin Value
There’s Enough Bitcoin For Everyone
BlockFi fucked up by paying promo rewards with BTC instead of stablecoins and they're now threatening users 🤣
Elon....
Guess it's not going to hit 100,000 after all. Unless they somehow make it environmentally friendly
Yummy dip
He bought?
No F given 🤷‍♂️
Wyckoff Distribution at intermediate top.
.04 Bitcoin Transfer Unconfirmed from Yesterday
I am new should i Buy now?
Why keep your 24 seed phrase?
🎭
END DAY
Bitcoin Drops 54% in 35 Days. Is The Bull Market Over?
10 Hiding Secret you don't know about crypto and Trades. In Every Trade there are Hiding SECRET. Identify the 10 secret in every Trade now and join the Market makers make decisions. Your decision today matters in future Join TradeStation FOREX INSTITUTE, I'll be glad to s
Bitcoin Dominance. Is The ELON MUSK?
You lost all your money
Bitcoin price capitulates while whales buy BTC at a discount.
You. Lost. All. Your. Money.
Paul Krugman, author of today's FUD, in 1998
What are peoples thoughts on Pomp? Do you think he’s helping BTC with the pizza thing? Seems like nonsense to me
High-speed recovery of BTCUSD is very unlikely.
Cathie Wood, Still a Bitcoin Believer, Sees It Going to $500,000
Get brands and bitcoin s
Is Bitcoin dead? A Market Analysis
Insider Guy
Is making several crypto transactions all taxable events?
Pls be a memeber to MrbeastDogecoin. My school photo shooting
What if i add a large ammount of hashing power and remove it before the difficulty retargets?
All in on bitcorn
Bitcoin Optech Newsletter #149
Merlin Lab Bounty
When will the Fed have BTC on their Balance sheet?
Bitcoin’s Volatility — Nothing New
Can someone please explain how market manipulation works?
Crypto Fear &amp; Greed Index is currently at 19. Thinking of YOLOing the rest of my savings. What do you think?
Does anyone know if the website "bitchaincoins.com"is legit?
When Teachers attempt to explain to you that Bitcoin is DIA..
Interesting. Institutional investors moving to gold..
For now, Lightning is needed.
tip: tell them about blockchain first, then bitcoin.
How to stop losing money in crypto market
Fastest blockchain in the world
Decentralisation.
We HODL all the way, But this just happened to my new Crypto Buddy.
I Sold!!
Question
How to think....about bitcoin
Clown show: Greenspan explaining how they lie. Then they ask why bitcoin?
When will bitcoin switch to lower energy usage?
Help boosting BTC
Bitcoin Price Manipulation! [Crypto News 2021]
Ahhaa!
Bitcoin cuts gains and briefly turns negative amid regulation fears
Japanese Pro-Crypto MP Spells Out Vision of Crypto, NFT Regulatory Future
Doubt from the bitcoin wallet
Bitcoin Credit Card
Cathie Wood says Elon Musk will get back to 'green' Bitcoin, ETF is currently almost certain
Bitcoin has been vaccinated
What crypto would I buy right now?
I'm trying really hard to get into crypto, and I need like a beginning because at this point I'm losing money. I got about $500 in crypto coins, but this stressing me out so much.
FedCoin... no thanks FudCoin
Look who’s trying to play hero now. Is this just a marketing scheme: get everyone’s attention so now more people learn about Lightning or something?! ⚡️🚀
This is a currency exchange war, I want you to realize
DBS Coin App Scam - Beware!
How do you sell crypto from your crypto wallet?
Is there any plan for paypal to accept bitcoin as a one time payment?
What do u do if Biden climbed thru your window and got your crypto cold wallet
We read new crypto info every day. This is a video from John Oliver from 2018 which sounds like the same stories we hear today. The market is still so young and naive.
Transaction from Ledger unconfirmed after 2 days
Bitcoin Whale Reaccumulates 3,521 BTC After Selling At $58K
JP Morgan points out that institutional investors are dumping bitcoin in favor of gold. What are your thoughts on it?
Alright.... who bought bitcoin at 5:41 pacific time, shit jumped hella, i feel like at this point there is no knowing what big players are gonna run this game in the background
Does Bitcoin have an energy problem?
The end of cryptocurrency
Bitcoin recovers after plunge that shaved $1 trillion off crypto market: CNBC After Hours
Robb n’ Hood?
Bitcoin Price Prediction: BTC/USD Remains at $40,500
The plan to get us out of the dip! (Best crypto meme ever)
stop wishing people good luck with bitcoin purchase. we dont need luck.
Let’s goo again 💫💫💫
Bitcoin Core 0.21.1 Released
diamond hands baby
Bidens Us government plan sent me a letter already
Biden on Bitcoin and cryptocurrency
Bitcoin's Price Is Going to $500,000, Says Ark Investment's Cathie Wood
Bloomberg shit poster | Bitcoin haters
Saw somebody do this a while ago on this sub, thought I’d do the same. Whenever the person who buys this condo decides to change their floor, they’ll see this.
Deflationary lie
Truth be told
How accurate was this chart from almost 7 years ago?
How should you enter the crypto world safely?
Bitcoin Audible: Read_529 - Orange is the New Green [Knut Svanholm]
Credit Card to Buy Bitcoin
Comércio blockchain
I finally invested, and Coinbase told me fuck you.
With or without Elon, if you believe these cycles are going to rhyme there was supposed to be a huge dip. It was right on time if we continue following the 2017 trend. Thanks @ecoinometrics for your fantastic charts! (I simply added the yellow line, etc.)
Roobet to coinbase
Does Bitcoin exchange currencies for you?
Bitcoin Posters In My Home Office (24x36)
Stuck transaction
Earn Free Bitcoin Earn FREE Bitcoin (BTC) by answering paid surveys, playing games, or watching videos. Join the cryptocurrency revolution today. Sign up now and get started
Bitcoin vs stocks
Institutional financial backers may dump Bitcoin at gold as costs slide beneath $40k, JPMorgan
A genuine question for crypto boys
Comércio blockchain
Two Paths Of A Bitcoin Bull Run, And If A Bear Phase Is Next
To the IRS
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.05.17
First off, Fuck Musk, Second....
Quick balance check: do you have more or less BTC in your wallet as two weeks before?
Noob in need of advice
Proposal for an Annual Global Crypto Charity Day
TOUR TOKEN
Bear market? Investigator says something after Bitcoin drops half from its $65K record-breaking high
What would happen if China bans Bitcoin mining? (Not ban it for the 27th time but ban it for real)
GoFundMe help me reach 1 Bitcoin
Coin-based trading is NOT over!
Like I always say..
Deutsche Bank: 'The value of bitcoin is entirely based on wishful thinking'
Perspective is everything.
"We reject: kings, presidents, and voting. We believe in: rough consensus and running code." David D. Clark 1992. About the Great Internet Protocol War.
Warning: BlockFi, having lost millions of dollars is now fumbling withdrawals and may be illiquid
I've been reading fresh Financial Stability Review from ECB (it's a good read) and it looks like they had a hard time fitting Bitcoin into price development table :D
Trade inflows, on-chain information show retail brokers energized Bitcoin's auction
The only thing that can save Bitcoin is the planet Mercury. Faith has to be induced in order for it to assume its own reality.
PUMP IT UP
I will help 60 people invest $200 to earn $2,500 within 7-12hours, but you will send me 11% from your profits when you receive it.. Ask me how 📩 https://onlinetradinghub.websites.co.in
My first sighting of a bitcoing atm. IL, USA
Wooho! Just discovered a new Legit online trading website for earning profit online. Visit at https://onlinetradinghub.websites.co.in
Why it’s a scam.
😈 OnlyNFTs - An Adult Content Creators Dream 🙈🙈🙈 😈 OnNFTs strives to create a platform for 🙈 Content Creators to thrive on. They are currently developing a way for users to Mint NFT's that will have a royalty function in place. Then they will launch a marketplace for these NFT's to be traded
Não perca essa chance de começar a minerar
Never loose hope no matter what.
What's next for bitcoin?
Treasury Calls for Crypto Transfers Over $10,000 to Be Reported to IRS
What's the difference between bitcoin and btc(bitcoin cash) like every miner I go on there is only options for btc and bch and from what I see regular bitcoin is worth more so how can I obtain some or how can I covert my btc to regular bitcoin
scam alert for everyone
My Kindergartner is Bullish 📈
Bitcoin whale who sold at $58K has reaccumulated 3,521 BTC
HODL
Help Me Get to 1 Bitcoin
Bloody Wednesday Cured my Bitcoin Short Anxiety
How many people know about this?
What’s Actually Happening in The Economy - Michael Saylor
Buying bitcoin
BTC ETH BNB PUMPING MARKET PUMPING UP WHALES maximizing GAINS THE BULLRUN CONTINUES BE CAREFUL HODL
Cramer bashing Bitcoin on CNBC after selling his stake for huge profit
Nike on board
Warren Buffet And Charlie Munger Don’t Understand Bitcoin
Hear me out… Elon musk knows that china is going to ban bitcoin banking (sells cars in china). Chinese regulations complicates things. Kicks bitcoin so it softens the china’s ban blowout, knowing he can control at least part of the downside.
Do you like raffle?
Why is your hero afraid to debate Peter Schiff? It would be a good debate
SLP276 Anthony Ronning – Bitcoin Lightning Privacy: FUD and Facts
Capital gainz tax
One tweet says it all
BTC/JPY New fibonacci
Won’t the whales that manipulated BTC always be able to do so?
💎 Early Gem 💎
"The blockchain is a court..." Watched this video and it finally clicked for me why Proof of Work is essential for Bitcoin
Bears situated to start to lead the as $930M in Bitcoin choices lapse Friday
Hey guys I’m really new to crypto but wanted to start a second means of possibly making money. I see bitcoin is taking quite the hit do you think it’s a good time to invest?
The blockchain is a court... if somebody tries to cheat you or if they go away you know that the blockchain is always there to secure your transaction. now it means that the underlying blockchain needs to be secure but we know that Bitcoin right now is the most secure public decentralized chain"
In celebration of Bitcoin Pizza Day
I need your small help im suffering from Covid i need small donation if you guys can help me its means a lot
Dividing my investment in cryptocurrency
https://www.reddit.com/user/cmegroup/comments/n220qw/have_an_appetite_for_trading_bitcoin_but_worried/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
.
Can someone help me with the outputs of this transaction?
Dogecoin can beat Bitcoin easily, says Elon Musk
to help the family of a political prisoner
I’ve decided to cancel the dip
Samsung Adds 3rd-Party Crypto Wallet Support
Is alt season actually real?
The Dip
Why would you give your hard-earned money to bloodsucker sharks?
online wallets vs external wallets
Sumer token is coming!
When Elon tries to call you out and gets rekt.
Bitcoin Price is only $0.00005 per unit if you think in terms of Satoshi!
Me: You should look into Bitcoin Friend: It's too expensive Me: You can get 2,456 sats for a dollar Friend:
University of Pennsylvania just receieved $5 Million Bitcoin as a gift. They apparently have no problems with ESG concerns, huh? "Bitcoin cryptocurrency energy debate gets scrutiny, Penn has no qualms."
What is behind the curtain?
Forest plus coin! They are saving the environment! Great crypto to invest in! Fib is also showing a 2000% possibly! KuCoin is one of the easiest places to buy!
Peter Schiff - Bitcoin Crash 20% In Half An Hour! ELON MUSK'S Show!
Tron Coin Mining
Accurate Bitcoin price formula for daily price
Chinese province sets up hotline to report suspected crypto miners
"Further, as with cash transactions, businesses that receive cryptoassets with a fair market value of more than $10,000 would also be reported on."
Elon Musk ignores Lightning Network. We're so early...
NYU Professor Predicts Ether Odds on to Flippen Bitcoin in the Future
Warning: Bitcoin may not Survive
Can you recommend me any exchange?
You should sell during the dips. Bitcoin isnt worth that much during the dips so no use in keeping it. Then when it increases, you should buy back in because its more valuable. Its like a garage sale. Sell shit so you can buy more valuable shit tomorrow.
Anyone heard of UK based company called sato capital LTD COMPANY ?? Is it some sort of Bitcoin scam. Got added into a telegram chat in which are over a thousand people and their testimonials along with Bitcoin profit confirmation. Seems like it’s got real people in the group chat
What’s this mean?
The IRS would like you to report crypto transfers over $10,000 to them
800K Crypto Traders Liquidated
Fakebitcoin sender software is available, and price is 1000$, inbox me if you are interested, I will do test for you before you pay.
Waiting for another crash to buy 25000$ BTC/ETH. ^.^ Thanks Elon.
Aaand the next dip coming. Set your stop-losses folks.
I've worked in the on-demand decorated apparel industry my entire career. It never ceases to amaze me how fast we can produce shirts.
Bitcoin’s Historical Corrections
Coinbase skewed Bitcoin prices
*Crypto Market Crashes* Diamond Hands:
New to the game - you've probably heard this question too many times, but here goes: Best platform for buying BTC? I'm European.
Thanks Elon Musk
FAG level is at the lowest point since the covid crash
The Crypto World was very active during Bitcoin's expedition to the lower $30,000s.
Bitcoin Nodes vs. Miners: Demystified | Braiins
As a big DOGECOIN supporter, I want to apologize to the BTC holders....
Bitcoin is green (new curated list of articles on Bitcoin mining &amp; environmental issues)
DEX Crypto Battle (Uniswap vs Binance)
Invest
Blockchain wallet users DM for a life changing hack!!!
Absolutely right on point!
💎 🙌
5 Reasons Behind the Big Bitcoin Fall
🤡
Will Bitcoin drop to 20k I’m seeing lots of people saying it will have one last major dip before reaching its new high ?
What is the latest smart contract yet to be released that is going to be used?
This is the newest project of him?
New to the game - you've probably heard this question too many times, but here goes: Best platform for buying BTC and perhaps ETH? I'm European.
Have we reached the bottom of the dip yet?
1 negative news against many positive news.
I'm worried
Chair Powell’s Message on Developments in the U.S. Payments System, May 20, 2021
For my portuguese speaking friends!
Bitcoin is a Type 1 planetary civilization currency.
Bubble Analysis - 2017-2018 and what we're seeing today
✋💎🤚
Elon Musks effect on crypto is completely exaggerated by the press and soon his tweets will have no impact on price. The sooner the boys realise this the better.
Yellen on Crypto &amp; Taxes
Bitcoin is an equation changer taking power from centralized government
BTC vs ALTS : choose your side!
Relentless Enemy
Breaking: The US federal reserve to drop a white paper for a USD pegged CBDC in the coming months
Does anyone know what’s up here?
Transaction not confirmed yet.. Why?
Feel lucky today?
THE FEDERAL RESERVE WILL RELEASE A RESEARCH PAPER THIS SUMMER THAT EXPLORES A MOVE TO A CENTRAL BANK DIGITAL CURRENCY.
Cryptocurrencies-Bitcoin cryto &amp; Block chain courses
Bitcoin is a Type 1 planetary form of currency.
LibertyX
BITCOIN GREEN SHOOTS OF RECOVERY? Trend reversal
Ple4se du!
I jus bought 100 cad in btc should I buy more or will I get a significant return when it spikes??(p.s im new to crypto
I Discovered A Secret BTC Investing Strategy That's Worked for 600 Years!!! (Before BTC and FOREVER!)
Virgin Elon vs GigaChad Saylor (OC)
Younger investors are calling bitcoin 'boomer coin”. here’s why
Don’t panic guys, we already reached the bottom! Now only way up
Younger investors are calling bitcoin 'boomer coin'–here's why they prefer Dog and other altcoins(CNBC)
God entered into my body, as the body of an angel. my same size. I'm bob hickman! The sexy christian
Younger investors are calling bitcoin 'boomer coin'–here's why they prefer dogecoin and other altcoins(CNBC)
Another FUD BTC
Younger investors are calling bitcoin 'boomer coin'–here's why they prefer dogecoin and other altcoins-CNBC
THE BEST WAY ON HOW TO START BITCOIN MINING FOR BEGINNERS (SUPER EASY) - ULTIMATE GUIDE (2021)
CNBC: Younger investors are calling bitcoin ‘boomer coin’–here’s why they prefer dogecoin and other altcoins
Cryptocurrencies-Bitcoin cryto &amp; Block chain courses
CNBC: Younger investors are calling bitcoin 'boomer coin'–here's why they prefer dogecoin and other altcoins
all mining pools with 1% of more of the total global bitcoin hashrate have signaled for Taproot
Bitcoin in our infrastructure.
Isn't the whole point of Bitcoin that it's suppose to be free from regulation or restriction by government and central banks?
Trying to figure out taxes on crypto - is this video accurate?
My take on BTC, BTC‘s Blockchain
I'm all loaded up after buying the dip
💎🤚 buy the dip
Building Bitcoin in JavaScript, to learn how it works
How to read crypto charts and earn huge profits
Papa's Pepper now accepts bitcoin and others as payment for your favorite hot pepper spice!
Best app for bitcoin staking??
Can someone confirm if this is actually posted or fake?
I need 23 bitcoin
"Cryptocurrencies are going to be so important as a unit of exchange in the decades to come." - White House
Stayed up all night to watch the price manipulation
Hey! Absolute beginner here.
Such an amazing article!!!
Chief technical strategist calling BTC "dead cat bounce" &amp; 100% in cash
Feds gonna make their own crypto.
Realistically, what are the biggest threats to Bitcoin's and other cryptocurrencies' success?
My reaction when i missed the dip 😩
I think governments just want to buy in low or scared of bitcoin
the biggest pro in BTC , that has have BTC still its crown .
Reasons for the price of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies falling?
Explain This About Bitcoin
Heard the IRS wants people to report their Crypto earnings.....They'll have to find it first, I left all my #Bitcoin in 𝕺𝖓𝖊 𝖂𝖆𝖑𝖑𝖊𝖙...
Jacked
Credit repair hacks
Is this a phishing attempt or something? I’ve never owned Bitcoin in my life and have no memory of making an account on this site. I went to the real site and tried logging in with that username and it didn’t work. I also tried creating an account and it said it’s not available in my location (US)
critics in interior of bitcoin ?
Based Elon
HODL Lifestyle check
thanks me later for sharing :)
Noob that bought 7000€ when btc was at 60k$
No Sell!!
List of cities where bitcoin is used
Anybody used exbitoctopus.com?
How long does it take before you can transfer funds from Coinbase to Coinbase Pro?
Anybody heard of exbitoctopus.com?
🤣🤣🤣🤣
"In a dynamic world the search for a fixed store-of-value is a quixotic quest destined for failure."
Has Sichuan Power Rationing Impacted The Bitcoin Hash Rate?
Elon Musk's brain:
Better get back to work, Wagie!
thoughts on US goverment considering creating digital currewncy
If Satoshi’s unveiled, so then?
SUBSCRIBE TO THE OFFICIAL WALLSTREETBETS YOUTUBE CHANNEL..DAILY BITCOIN ALERTS AND NEWS
Does anyone know anything about this company? I think that guy tried to get me into an investment scheme. Shit is crazy rn huh?
Crypto Brief - May 20th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
Paper hand fools fell for it hook like and sinker, whereas the institutions capitalised!
Federal Reserve Looking into CBDC
Getting the worries out. Name something about BTC that has/could change which would make it worthless?
My wallet shows the fund that I have received but still waiting for confirmation.
END DAY
SHARING BECAUSE MY ACCOUNT JUST GOT DELETED
Manipulation
Earn Free Bitcoin by watching ads
New coin with actual use... its a rarity rumors are a big influencer has joined the movement!
A warning to all during these dips, watch out for idiots like this person. They are ever-present but during both runs and dips they swarm like buzzards. Please for the love of god do not fall for stupid shit like this.
"By the time you learn the rules of life, you’re too old to play the game." ~ Chanakya
Dare to venture out of Bitcoin
GET OUT OF BITCOIN
Hodling Bitcoin means not to use it?
Bitcoin can be banned
well, this didn't age well.
“Welcome to crypto. That’s how crypto works. It goes way up, it goes way down. You guys can’t get 900% gains without expecting some pullbacks," Hoskinson added.
Stocks over crypto
Bitcoin can be banned
Bitcoin and bills
Ready for Pizza Day? It's Bitcoin's second most important holiday.
Bitcoin can be banned
does bitcoin raise you bills and if how does it?
What are your predictions on when the crypto market will recover ?
Holding my 10 bitcoins that I bought for $60,000US/each back in April 2021. Not selling them unless they each $1 million each even in 2035
What are your predictions on the crypto market recovering ....experts come and help here lol
May 23th, let’s make it a self fulfilling prophecy!
"(Elon) is as enthusiastic as I am..."
Holding my 10 Bitcoin that I bought when it was $60+ back in April 2021, Please pray for me and not planning to sell them unless they hit 1million each.
Fundraiser: Inclusive &amp; Disruptive Vegan Cheese Empire
I can no longer hold a currency that has been shown to consistently lose significant value time and time again. I'm out
Jacksonville, Florida:
SHOULD I FILE A LAWSUIT AGAINST BINANCE, HELP!!!
Why Elon musk has so much influence over the crypto market?
Help For Beginners.
Don't depend only on your salary start making investment with us today and start earning huge profits in just 48hours
So you're telling me my portfolio is 70% down down because Justin Sun couldn't keep it in his pants ?
Hearing talk about dropping to the 20s... 😵
Bitcoin promotes peace prosperity and truth.
Mike Novogratz: BTC can keep Down for a minute
Does anybody know where the OTC trade of Bitcoin is available in Mainland China? Huobi? OKex?
Growth Potencial through 2-3 years
Wallets
Iran may harvest upwards of $1 billion in yearly Bitcoin mining incomes
My Playlist right now, what music do you listen to?
Pop Quiz! If I’m putting a limit order to sell $1,925.81 at $1,000.000 per BTC, how much do I currently have with today’s BTC value?
Does anyone here know of a coin that has a 25% new supply issuance rate per year forever, and only a board of twelve core developers are allowed to mine it? Because I'm a bit worried about inflation and that coin will hold its value better and be a far superior store of value than the US dollar CBDC
Is this really us... crypto investors??
Does anyone know of a coin that has a 25% new coin issuance rate per year forever, and only a board of twelve core developers are allowed to mine it? Because that will coin will hold its value better and be a far superior store of value than the US dollar CBDC digital shitcoin!
1 sat = 1 seed
Do you guys think now is a good idea to buy, or will it fall even more?
Does anyone know which coins have a new supply issuance rate of 25% per year year forever, where only the core devs are allowed to mine it and they keep all the newly mined coins?
If your worried about the state of BTC or thinking of selling consider this. Lets spread some Hope!
Bitcoin tops and bottoms
Borrowing against Assets
The last few minutes of this are awesome...
You ARE in it for the money
Bitcoin price to hit $307k by October, then $12.5 million by 2031
Food for thought
Why are we fighting when we are all playing the same game (just at different price points)?
Loving these discounts, stacking never felt so good.
Bitcoin is a pyramid scheme
hello,bit
A couple charts from the Fed
This Crypto Whale Sold 3K BTC at $58K, Bought 3521 BTC During The Market Dip
Bitcoin Now vs Future: might not be what its equivalent in $ fiat is, but how much bitcoin do you hold?
China and Musk
At this moment we should spend the last money that we have in our accounts in Bitcoin. Why?because if they see that the prices goes up. They going to buy also..... FOMO FOREVER🦔💎🐢🤘🏽
All the FUDs right now
Bitcoin is finally building a support line, so far it has just hung in the air. It has finally come. Without funds, you can only build a tent.
What does it mean that the stock is offering shares for a purchase discount?
Why China got serious about Bitcoin
₿Green (the Smart Network)
Willy Woo doesn’t believe Bitcoin’s generally up run has finished
everyone hated on elon for manipulating market what about....
Consigue tu lapicero aquí:
Governments will never be able to devalue Bitcoin, as long as this algorithm is continually able to explain it
This FUD is ridiculous
Bitcoin bros mock Paul Krugman for comparing the crypto craze to ‘a natural Ponzi scheme’
Most of the people who buy bitcoin don’t even spend it
If i started a hyperinflation protest. March on Washington D.C. Would anyone come? It'd be nice to raise public awareness to the hyperinflation that is about to engulf thier savings and destroy their lives
Microstrategy dumped 99%of investor money in 2000 bubble and had a fraud case. 2 decades later it seems history will repeat itself
The ultimate question?
I feel nothing anymore
To all newcomers. It's only you and the media that think the bullrun is over.
Do you maintain your privacy if you receive bitcoin from someone else who bought it from a kyc exchange?
How risky is Bitcoin compared to stocks?
He thought he bought the dip...
Tales From The Sh*tcoin Boom
The bitcoin flippening
How do I invest today
Bitcoin browser !
cool bitcoin browser mining
The original classic: I AM HODLING
“Bitcoin has 0 value!” Why this is a valid and an invalid argument.
https://cb.run/5ca3 Just download this webbrowser u mine bitcoin for doing anything. pretty sick.
What would happen if every single bitcoin in Satoshi’s alleged wallet gets withdrawn and sold with no news or warning signals by anyone ?
If you want to know what is really happening with Bitcoin, Willy Woo perfectly explains
After buying/spending my initial BTC on psychedelics (back when it was £2k - regret nothing) I’ve decided to get back in the game, this time for holding!
Small community bank executives want me to give a talk about bitcoin...
I had a dream that Bitcoin Dipped To $4000
Artist Cody Choi ‘Satirizes’ NFT Art ‘Mess’ with ETH 70,000 Price Tag
UPDATE: take this with a grain of salt 💥
Warren Buffet
There were multiple crashes during hyperinflation is the past. Don't give up your coins!
China is in top ten countries that own bit coin
Welcome to crypto? Or, is there something else going on...
Foco em pesquisa
Found some crazy evidence pointing towards a huge pump coming - enjoy
From ATH TO ATH We pass The flame 🔥🔥 , Done with Style Transfer , For fun .
Why are the Chinese lashing out at Bitcoin and other Cryptos
Hodl, buy low, don‘t panic sell - MOON
The one thing these dips has proved
If you are having a tough time with the current drawdown, some people (like me) bought -
Bitcoin Banning!!!
Calling BTC Maxis....Why is BTC king?
Are there any transactions still vulnerable to Pseudo Random Number Generator vulnerability ?
On chain data says all you newcomers are paper hands. Have fun watching bitcoin skyrocket while you regret hodling it for life
There are coordinated attacks against Bitcoin for a reason.
temporary job while waiting for trip to MoOn
Anyone familiar with Bitcoin developer roadmap?
I think trading #bitcoin while reading twitter is a bad idea. The news that governments expect you to pay your taxes and abide by existing laws should not be driving panic in the marketplace. The main stream interpretations are almost always the opposite of the true implication.
I’m doing my part
🛑🛑 Pomegranate 🛑🛑
How Justin Sun Became the Biggest Villain in Crypto
Guys should I buy Bitcoin right now?????
If the fall of Mt. Gox could not kill Bitcoin, literally nothing can.
Fast and the Crypto - BTC Formula One Car
If Deflation causes people to hoard money then inflation causes people to hoard resources. Which is worse?
I now own 1/3 of a coin and run a full node
If we own Bitcoin we are fortunate. At any price. Understanding Bitcoin is understanding it’s priceless.
Bitcoin Question
21!
Anyone else feel like Lieutenant Dan?
What other currencies have you purchased with your Gains?
I have looked into my crystall ball
may I ask for a donation in the form of BTC? I need emergency funds to pay for my mother's heart surgery which has been postponed for 3 months because I can't afford it, the price is around 0.2 BTC for a heart leak, I'm sad and desperate, is there a rescue angel? Inform me any person if can help me.
Foco em pesquisa
HODL on Canvas
HODL ON CANVAS
BTC ETF Announcement this weekend
This is my daughter HODLing Bitcoin in 2018 through crypto winter. If she can do it, so can you!
Converted entire Work Fidellity 401k Into Bitcoin PSA
Looking for recommendations
Bottom?
What’s the best source for tracking Bitcoin mining activity by country?
Payment processor for an ICO
For Those Who Believe The Bull Run Is Over
Have we put in a bottom?
Do you think Bitcoin will crash again? Going under 30k?
Whales 🐳. Where do you sell your large portion. What exchanges do you used?
What all the FUD'ers sound like when they say dumb things about BTC
Today I smash bought some #bitcoin on @Square Cash App. I found it quite satisfying. :D
$GOD TOKEN NOW ON BSC!!!
These dips are normal, remember the long term goals people
Can bitcoin education be viruses?
The Federal Reserve now holds 18.5% of America's $27.7 trillion of outstanding debt. Nobody else wants it.
So If China really bans Bitcoin trading...
Crypto mining insurance
Guys will i hit my tp ? 😭
Whale sighting boys
BlockFi users say they can't withdraw funds after 701 Bitcoin blunder
I'm celebrating BTC Pizza Day by releasing my Bitcoin Slang (Remix) Music Video. This is a rap song and has cameos by the venture capitalists, influencers and developers which you either love or hate. The Music Video Goes Live in 44 Minutes. ❤️
Why staying around 40k is the best for BTC right now
Hmmm. Looks About Right…
Savage Bitcoiners: Interview with Nikcantmine
Can't stop buying...it's like digital crack
Where is next stop for BTC
Let’s take the time to make a millionaire! It could be one of you!
Algomint, Algorand’s Digital Asset Minter, Set To Arrive Q3 2021
⚠️ IRS is Now in CONTROL of Bitcoin!! 〽️
HOW ARE WE SUPPOSED TO BUY THE DIP IF THE DIP KEEPS DIPPING?????!! 😭😭😩
A reminder from a man who made his fortune from dip's of the past.
Starling suspended transfers to Kraken.
ProtonMail keeps HODLing Bitcoin notwithstanding market slump and carbon dramatization
Transaction Time
Responses welcome
3.7m BTC long position liquidated on Bitmex!
Things that are banned in China...
Custodians entitled to Info?
BITCOIN DOMINANCE BACK UP 🚀 🌝
Not a single person who has held on for 5 years no matter whenever they bought even at the biggest previous top has ever lost money on bitcoin and most have made 10x to 1000x. That's why you HODL.
Girlfriend wants me to sell my btc
When you buy the dip and it keeps dipping. Anybody here who can feel my pain?
Brace yourself newbies
Really?
To all you panic selling 😀
The market will go down 40% tomorrow
Willy Woo doesn't believe Bitcoin's in general vertical run has finished
Warning: Bitcoin is not private like many think
Tesla selling!
What Bitcoin dev work are you most excited about?
Bitcoin, Ether Prices Continue Falling After China Spurs Regulatory Fears
BlockFi - Celsius Coinjoin Wasabi??
Guy on the right looks happier
"In 2020, I was a politically active liberal. Now, I’m a pseudonymous Bitcoin maximalist."
📍 NFT WORLD JUST LAUNCHED
Whales gathered up $5.5B in Bitcoin as BTC cost dipped under $36K
The only reason to not hodl would be a belief in the death of Bitcoin, right?
This is what I like about Bitcoin
How does everyone feel about the Bitcoin insider? I mean he’s been right so far 🤷‍♂️
I BOUGHT BITCOIN everyday for the past 10-days straight😊
I am still saying I am not selling are you ?
Largest Domino's Pizza franchisee in the Netherlands just offered a bitcoin salary to 1000+ employees
I bought my first Bitcoin in 2015, paid $ 250 for 1, that's up 18-20,000% !! What should I do now???!!! it has gone down as much as 35% in one week ... people stop crying and start buying now !! also has a big favorite of the day Shiba Inu !! :)
I made a GIF to my homies 8)
I made a GIF to my fellas 8)
Tether drama
I made a GIF to my homies 8)
I’m in...finally...and will hodl for my kids!
i made a little GIF for my homies 8)
Bitcoin value dips under $35,000, pulling altcoins to multi-month lows
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Is today bad enough to get a nickname? If so, suggestions?
Stock to Flow (revised)
Bitcoin's epic $7.5B long squeeze just made BTC price more bullish: Here's why
Bitcoin treated like cancer by goverments
Remember why you're here, in the end the value is irrelevant because the cryptocurrency is the future. (Anti-electricity cartoon from the 1900s).
Bitcoin Falls Again As China Renews Calls To Crack Down On Mining, Trading
Pomp 🌪 on Twitter
Happy email misleading chart.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!SAFEMOON!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I've been staring at the market since yesterday and honestly think I should prepare mentally for a $28k Bitcoin. 💎👐what are your thoughts??
Is this really all Elon’s doing?
Thеre is a Yоutuber callеd "Lеоn Fаradаy" that learns еverywееk a new skill. His relativеs раssed awаy when he wаs 14, he mаkеs vidеоs аbout оwn еxpеrienсe of mastеring new skills and anоthеr vidеos fоr peоple to keep motivаtiоn tо lеarn аnd try nеw things, bеcаuse wе hаve оnly one lifе
Thin Air
Commentary: Why China cracked down on Bitcoin
$42069!!!!
I'm a HODLR
Who cares if china bans bitcoin. Its hardware and electricity. It can be moved and will be. We dont need china.
Omg
Investment still on going. Inbox me if interested
Bitcoin is legendary!
Who else comes here just to see everyone panicking?
Discounts like these only happen once a year, hope you have a game plan!
Shorting s***coins thanks to China FUD
Please Help Me to Saving My Mother
Coming soon..
Let's fight China, US GOV and Tesla the way Gamestop guys did it!
Investment still on going. If interested direct message me
This is entertaining! These Billionaires playing their games don't get caught up in it. See that jump, there will be even more! Your see spring loaded reactions and yeah it may go down but what if it doesn't go to the level you need. Are you willing to gamble that loss? Be smart play safe -
Pretty much sums it up
Ethereum $1400 crash. This is next.
I think Uber eats is trying to tell me something 💀
What is up with the crypto market?!
So much talk in investing in Bitcoin not long ago? But it's turning into Shitcoin? Bitcoin is bits worth 35k a coin.
Bitcoin to $25k? That’s what a few of my friends in WS are saying
If china is a whale, where is the address?
Positive Vibes
All you need is Bitcoin: By Obi Nwosu, CEO, Coinfloor exchange
Bitcoin was worth $9,124.61 on this day last year
Investment are still on going in my company
Bitcoin Whales/Early Adapters/Innovators, can we be real with newbies?
After years on the sidelines, I put half my savings in to BTC two weeks ago (average cost of 57k).
Very bullish bottoming signal on coinbase. The orderbook is wayyyy more packed than usual, shows American institutions are averaging down on this dip.
Afraid to go to sleep! Anyone wants to tell me a bedtime story?
Tesla still hodl bitcoin so guess i’ll stay
Made the biggest mistake of my life this week. Please read if you’re new! Do not put in more than you can afford to lose.
I’m talking to you
Hold guys
Nothing has changed just HODL
Pi Network is a new cryptocurrency that you can mine on your phone for free, click on the link to download Pi Network and use Refferal Code: PhanTom2003
Bitcoin’s star backers, dip buyers help cryptos recover
Stop checking the price. Go live your life. You'll be rewarded
What do you guys think about the short vs long int?
Why you shouldn't tell people to buy Bitcoin...
Custom Image
Bitcoin Whales/Innovators/Early Majority, should we be real with newcomers?
Noobville
China is asshole
All arrogant societies will fall.
The cycle continues
MoonGwei is now live on Binance-smartchain and it's available at 🥞PancakeSwap🥞 !!
Large Bitcoin withdrawals from Coinbase continue as heavy dip buying goes on: details
This the start of a bear market or nah?
* Ask yourself one simple question? Would you feel good about buying $35,000 bitcoin.. Hell YES!!$$
This is the newest project of him?
I will not sell because of the Chinese Government
MicroStrategy CEO @Michael_Saylor calls #Bitcoin the "apex property of the human race."
Cash app was unable to approve Bitcoin withdrawals or deposits for my account.
It’sa Me, Wario!
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day
Who sets the price for Bitcoin?
#bitcoin
Desperation
Btc Is Now Officially.
Dear Pastahands: Please keep selling. I am waiting patiently with my bucket as you abandon your dreams and spill your satoshis.
more proof that coinbase is buying the dip for their treasury
Sorry for the newbie question. If we have less miners how can affect the difficulty level?
Typical
The bitcoin way
Did Elon must destroy Bitcoin ?
Bitcoin is treated like CANCER by goverments : everytime it grows it's cut till next growth
One of Bizonacci's greatest hits, for depressing times like this
Man...some people are just not cut out for this stuff
I’ve read the last Bitcoin will be mined around the year 2140. How does bitcoin’s environmental impact change from now until 2140?
daily reminder, that the current """CORRECTION""" is market manipulation at the finest.
Man...some people are just not cut out for this
I love when Bitcoin dips
Is it just us or the whole world has become about Bitcoin? Where ever you see, hear is about Bitcoin FUD or rise, Isnt this enough reason that things are different this time?
hat do we do if governments came together to ban cryptos?
Can we start calling Bitcoin burnt corn 🔥 🌽?
Altcoins Take The Strongest Hit Again Amid China Crackdown News
You now have a claim to a stock like Apple, Ford, or Facebook. In order to keep this claim to your stock, sign up and join Robinhood using my link
Hello someone! E n one
END DAY
California man arrested after allegedly paying for murder-for-hire plot against former girlfriend with Bitcoin.
Free ether!! No bs , check for yoursed
Supply and demand = GOD
Chinese Exchange Closes Up Shop Amid The 'Crypto Ban' Drama
I’m using CryptoTab Browser to surf the web and get income — and I encourage you to do the same! With CryptoTab you can earn BTC just by visiting favourite sites, watching YouTube and so on. It’s based on Chromium, so it’s fast, reliable and familiar. What’s not to like??
"Bitcoin and Ethereum Are Dead (And Their Honest Investors Know It)"
Does BTC need to fill the gap before going higher?
Man who can't remember Bitcoin password says he's 'made peace' with $220M loss
2017 bull run chart compared to 2021 bull run chart Within a day of each other. Trust the model.
Happy BTC Pizza Day!!
Is there any way to spoof your bitcoin balance?
I deliver food on the side to buy extra Bitcoin. I had to let a Papa Johns customer know this significance of this day!
Casino using crypto coins?
How long do we have to hold for price to bounce back? and another question
What Pope Francis is trying to say : "We need to replace without delay the fossil fuelled petrodollar regime with Bitcoin, which incentivises renewable energy production" - translated by Willy Woo
Reminder:
Say China ban bitcoin!
My DIY indestructible seed vault from Home Depot (~$20)
Rinse &amp; repeat.
Earning money online without any effort 💲
Does running a non-mining full node help increase the security of the network?
Any Belgians on this subreddit?
Where does money come from when selling crypto?
What similarities exist between the Dutch Tulip Mania of the 1630s and today's volatile crypto market? In case you don't know, during the Mania a single tulip bulb was priced the same as a large house. Of course in the end, the tulips all went back close to zero.
Good news from Germany
I think I’ve officially lost it.....
Happy pizza day!
Bitcoin Price Analysis : Keep Holding or Buy in the Dip?
What does crypto pricing of 2021 and tulip bulb pricing of 1637 have in common? If anything? And why?
Made a video to help new people understand what Bitcoin and money and fiat currency are and why Bitcoin is more important than other crypto!
Made this back at the end of Feb. resonates w/ today
i can finally taste the gains
A reminder to everyone (especially people who are new to Cryptocurrency) to not panic sell and buy the dip!
The most undecided market I’ve seen in a while
Hitler Poop (Prod Madenka)
Bitcoin
Happy Bitcoin pizza day!
This is the newest project of him?
This is the newest project of him?
If you told me in December 2020 that the market sentiment would be extremely negative with Bitcoin at $38k, I probs wouldn't have believed you.
Haha
BTC OGs opinion
Is Bitcoin drop to 20k - 30k? I need to know when 😭
F to those who bought at the top
Bitcoin has “crashed” to $38,000. Thirty-eight THOUSAND US Dollars. Just think about that for a minute.
Happy pizza day!
G
Hodlers. Assemble.
Bitcoin racing..
Bearpaw pattern confirms bear market.
Question for my fellow Belgians: taxes in Belgium
Green rail
EARN UP TO A $250 BTC BONUS WHEN YOU SIGN UP AND FUND YOUR NEW ACCOUNT
Guess Who The Happiest Man On The Planet Is Right Now?
Bitcoin wallet password
???
Should I buy and wait for it to go up, or will it continue to go down?
Pizza
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! 🍕
More Partnerships!
Oof.
What do you guys think about SHIBA INU?
How to earn Bitcoin for free?
Green rail
Finally took a day off and didn't look at the charts until this afternoon. Honestly, I did some today's research and I'm even more ready for this bull run. bitcoin and all altcoins are prepping for a nice rip for the next half of the year. what are your thoughts?
Want to get into Bitcoin but am annoyed by the transaction fees.
Beware scam texts related to Bitcoin. Just got this.
Bitcoin youtubers
China manipulating BTC to strengthen Yuan?
Nudezcoin! 3rd model signed https://t.me/joinchat/huvc9IBXUeE1YzQ5
What is Bitcoin Pizza Day? An easy way to share with your friends this important milestone!
Will this be good or bad for BTC?
Can I mine independently on a laptop? (Profitable or not)
New Airdrop: Bitcoin Pizza €20! Join me now via telegram!
Always takes more than one episode
Hey Guys, I found this bitcoin collector coin and thought I'd share it
Bitcoin and Ethereum Consolidate, XMR Rallies Above USD 300
I keep buying the dip though 🚀
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9HR14Tb7kVE
Energy used per Bitcoin
crypto noobs VS crypto vets.
CME Returns to Second Place in Latest Rankings of Bitcoin Futures Exchanges
The Crypto Fear and Greed index is now at 12 (extreme fear). It has only dropped to this level five times in the past this cycle. So lets look at those dates, and look at the bitcoin price at that point and see whether each time presented a good buying opportunity.
What is the best application to aggregate transactions from several wallets
Thank You Elon
Bitcoin staking or reward options?
Bitcoin Is More Modern Art or Religion Than Money
You can buy 42,069 Satoshis for $15.85 right now.
Breaking News: The Crypto Currencies Prices Will Be Going To Increase
BITCOIN Will Coming High Again By June 4th - Max Keiser
no research Noob VS own research Veterans in one picture.
How do you generate a wallet fingerprint?
In a world where all bitcoins are mined and the price has become stable what would the value of one Bitcoin be?
What’s the best way to have a future $ bonus converted to ₿?
Michael Saylor:
Take profits!
Chi-coms coming online
Free Bitcoin by simply browsing!
This is a test post
This is the top crypto charts daily candle!!! So much for a free market.
This is your “free market”. Top crypto charts ... 1 min candles right now ....
Banks use more energy than the entire crypto market. Here’s my argument.
The more Bitcoin matures, the less it will be susceptible to market manipulation.
Money Print is Slavery
These lies offended me
I just discovered I have no braincells😑
Very good
Just keep the hands tight and keep swinging
Proposed Legislation in Germany Could Allow $425B to Flow Into Crypto: Report
How bitcoin created a ransomware plague
Crypto Crash Cost Ethereum Boss His Billionaire Status, Said We’re Caught In A Bubble
Great insight into 2017 Forkwars
Etching a seed phrase on metal with saltwater and a battery
When the market aint going youre way just pump it up
Can someone please turn btc on and off again, I think that should fix it.
We felt bad for all of you who couldn’t make it to NYC for the party so @RarePizzas is donating 1,000 Bitcoin Pizzas to keep the party going! #FreePizzaDay
I have no patience.
Looks like decentralized consensus is impacted by communism.
Frank Reynolds is the Whale
Retest 40k
Happy BTC pizza day! 🎉
95% hashrate signals for taproot. Quite likely we see the lock-in in the next difficulty period. Nice!
New Bitcoin pillow reminding me to HODL through the tough times.
My dog likes the new Bitcoin pillow.
Companies can go bankrupt. Bitcoin can't. Bitcoin is like a new well in a desert with only 21 million gallons available and trillions in need. The more people know about it the more they bid up those gallons &amp; the gallons never evaporate &amp; can quench the next persons thirst with no transfer loss.
How is Telegram used in relation to crypto currency? I recently create a video about how to use telegram but I'm looking to go deeper with my next video and help People see the connection between bitcoin and the messenger apps.
Here to Flirt w Bitcoin User {Anthony}
When you lose all your money in crypto and have to find a new job 😂
⭐️ THE BILLIONAIRE PROJECT UPDATE ⭐️ Yesterday was a FULL day of THE BILLIONAIRE PROJECT meetings, here’s what we are up to at present: 🔥 I brought in a Managing Director of a Tier 1 Swiss Bank to speak to Alex (my crypto trader) so that they could understand the asset class and investment strateg
Graduation gift
Elon Musk xD
When BTC will touch ATH?
Thumbs UP if you know BTC
Bitcoin isn’t lead by people who believe in its fundamentals
Bitcoin Keep Crashing! But It Will Raise To Million - Michael Saylor
Tesla Rival Fisker Won't Invest in Bitcoin, Says CEO
HAPPY BITCOIN PIZZA DAY! Artwork was made by me
HAPPY BITCOIN PIZZA DAY!!!!
It takes an average of 17 months and 26 days to get over an ex.
Anyone else got this widget?
Crypto youtubers
Enter The JADE Age: How EarthTones’ JADE Token Aims To Give Independent Musicians &amp; Fans A New Era Of Social And Economic Power
After years on the sidelines, I put half my savings in to BTC two weeks ago (average cost of 57k).
Cheers to all the HODLERS! We've been here before.
Bitcoin emoji ..?
ELI5 why I shouldn't hodl to the Bitcoin Rainbow Chart
Today you would pay about 0.00053 Bitcoin for 2 pizzas. Here's a nifty little website that shows the importance of talking about sats instead of whole Bitcoins.
Torexo - ссылка уже доступна
Saw this on twitter, what are your thoughts on this?
Why is the price of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies falling?
Is the 2021 BULLRUN OVER??? - Bearboy Crypto - Market Update May 22
Psychic probing of China, Elon, Biden and cryptocurrency + recent crash...
I bought bitcoin, polkadot and chainlink for the first time. After checking this sub I want to buy more bitcoin but what makes you think bitcoin will get better? I'm not looking for advice I just want to learn the logic.
Happy Bitcoin Pizza day everyone!
Just hurts man..
Wyckoff matters - given FUD, timing, and players - this seems legit
Coinbase
Coinbase
Coinbase
Coinbase
Coinbase
Thoughts?
Remember although the market values bitcoin lower as of recently, the fed/ other countries as well are still printing a ton of money.
NYDIG &amp; Bitcoin
Bitcoin came a long way, Let all crypto currencies/assets rise to such greatness! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎✊ Lets not hate on each other’s investments but support it!
Day trading Bitcoin
Bitcoin
Recommended hardware wallet in 2021 for ~$10k of an assortment of crypto currencies?
🔥🔥AquaLove Token🔥🔥 @Aqualovetoken Fighting the ocean's pollution - huge twitter giveaway today - get in while early - low market cap Liquidity locked|Ownership renounced|50 Burned| ⏰Stealth launched yesterday at 20 TG members ⚡️First donation at 5000 holders 🌎 www.aqualove.net
Buying or investing? Is there a difference?
Papa John's is giving away 10,000 slices of pizza to celebrate Bitcoin Pizza Day. The fast-food chain explained the reason behind the giveaway.
I built a free, lo-fi crypto email report service called Hodl Herald to stop myself from continually checking trackers!
When Will Bitcoin Price Return To Normal? Historical Corrections of BTC
What am I missing? — Creating a complete list of Bitcoiner vocabulary and meme phrases
If you're thinking about selling...
I live in a co-living community and they announced one of the properties will have a focus on crypto. What are your thoughts?
Price or principles: Measuring Bitcoin's Success (Andreas Antonopoulos)
My mom bought me a birthday cake 🎂. She knew that I would love it 🤣
Pretty much.
Practical Discussion On Switching Bitcoin Units
Can the FUDs stop, please?
Not "Dips"...Cold Plunges
Reasons for Bitcoin long term success?
Need some help
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!!!
An interesting strength about Bitcoin
Bitcoin
Times Change
Happy Pizza Day!
An interesting strength about Bitcoin
Calling it. Correction Over.
Happy Bitcoin pizza day!
Price suppression
Can we use Bitcoin to help this cause?
Ain’t no way
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: 22 May 2021 Liveshow
Not yet illegal in China....
bitcoin fighting back against the chaos of the last few weeks.
This is literally the funniest crypto meme i've seen in my whole life LMAO i hope u had a good laugh 🖤 Stay strong 🖤
Eat the Dips she Says!!!
Financial Times' smear campaign against Bitcoin is getting ridiculous. Today, they claim that the drop in bitcoin prices pulled the S&amp;P 500 equities index and oil prices with it.
Look who my son ran into at Pizza Day in NY
When people ask you "Is lightning network centralised?" show them this
Gold price percent change in hyper-inflating Weimar Mark. Look at that volatility on the way to infinity.... HODL on tight.
I'm invested in bitcoin because of the environment. Bitcoin mining incentivises the move to renewable energy why isn't this the narrative?
Does setting your bitcoin at a high sell limit price on robinhood or coinbase stop any type of short selling of your position?
Much Red, Very Down, Super Panic and 20 Crypto Jokes
Taking profits frequently bs “Hodl”.
Kenny Rogers’ words have never been more relevant
Markets consider Elon Musk's role in crypto turbulence
Dey tuk R stimmys!
I figured out who SATOSHI IS!!!
Cryptocurrency and human rights Why It’s Tough to Send Aid Money to Palestine
Am I the only one who still enjoys this?
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day! Wood fired pizza on the deck trying to ignore the market today
Great book "Cryptocurrency Secrets " in which you will get to know about Cryptocurrencies and bitcoins . You will know how to get bitcoins and increase them 👍👍
Buying the dip mentality
373 days after the halving, then and now
test
Coinsquare price chart showing different prices than coinbase?
Why are all cryptocurrency charts so similar to bitcoin?
Calling it now , Bitcoin will level around £18,000/$25000 for months
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!
We've come a long way. Celebrating Bitcoin Pizza Day! Nice.
Bitcoin.. How low can it go? - Lil Bubble
Anyone wanna join a crypto/stock community with free daily callouts?
Would it be wise to invest like 150€ into Bitcoin now? My budget is tight since I am only 16 and my mother doesn’t really believe in cryptocurrencies. Any kind of advice is appreciated, since I really want to start investing in cryptos.
I know patient is everything but i really need this
hello all
No doubts about this!
Isn't it a little suspicious that...
Why most trading pairs are on USDT not BTC?
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Proof-of-concept nation-state-facilitated attack on the Bitcoin blockchain
HAPPY BITCOIN PIZZA DAY!!! In honor of this crypto holiday please enjoy with the dip:)
I have no idea what’s going on about this “crash”. I look into my coinbase and I have the same amount of bitcoin that I’ve always had????
Answer your opinion in comment.....
When all coins are mined...
Bitcoin Pro
Binance limit buy
We've come a long way. Celebrating BTC Pizza Day! Nice.
Daily Bitcoin News May 21st, 2021
Yep already bored. I don’t care if it falls, but do something...
can’t sell my 0.000142btc :(
Spent all my money on the dip, all i can afford is ghetto ramen pizza. Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!
Guy's Max retweet pls let him see the tweet mother F***er 🤬🤬🤬 https://twitter.com/iamdoudi/status/1396153219223535616?s=19
help
This will take you to mine bitcoin thank me later 😉 link below
🍕Happy ₿Pizza Day!
Why does China want to destroy bitcoin?
"According to this Analysis, Bitcoin Will Bounce Back!"
Bitcoin Roth IRA
Could this be a knife to BTC and other crypto? I'm not here to argue so please, no childish 'Stop with the FUD' comments. I have Bitcoin myself and buy whenever I can.
MERCARI
One thing I don’t understand
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day
Just started in Bitcoin
Forexdropshipping! What do you think about it?
Free pizza for btc pizza day!
JOIN
Pizza for bitcoin pizza day 🍕
Can centralized exchanges, such as Huobi and Binance, control the price of Bitcoin?
Today is Bitcoin Pizza Day. 11 years ago Bitcoin made its first-ever payment for a product and service. To celebrate crypto companies are hosting many pizza-related crypto events.
So I just bought 500 dollars worth of bitcoin for the first time. Is that good?
So real
Happy bitcoin pizza day
Mining container for sale
CryptoTab Browser - Lightweight, fast, and ready to mine!
Join our DIAMOND 💎 HANDS
How Bitcoin Pizza Day Probably Happened
Sending an Email Tutorial in 1984
What platform do you use for crypto?
To: Bitcoin / RE: SEVER WEATHER ALERT: Raining $CATEs &amp; $DOGs / Timing: SOON
purchase of 10 bitcoin dollars
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day
Those price targets sound tasty
As someone who is in the process of building my LLC...
Accepting bitcoin and dogecoin!!!! In LA support the business
Worried about BTC? Why nobody talks about USD instead?
Money is not a shared delusion
Bitcoin (BTC) Miners May Leave China – AronBoss
Zoom-out: We are here
5 Things Contributing To The Cryptocurrency Market Slowdown Right Now
How long will this stalemate last?
Just bought 3 pizza's with DeFi gains - Happy Pizza Day 🍕
Compilation of useful Crypto Trading / Economic news Telegram channels
Still holding... Been holding since McAfee said $1 mill, was wrong, and will still be holding when he gets out of prison...
Enlighten me...
Little something funny to release stress.
Bitcoin Speaks for first time since crash....
History shows every violent dip of bitcoin was a life changing opportunity.
I have this strong feeling, that what elon said was on porpuse so everyone sellss
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, May 22, 2021
Don't panic!
G2A Timezone BTC Exploit - Ideal for Resell
Get £500 Amazon gift🎁 card, you need to free sign up and verify your email. I your a lucky person you will get free gift🎁 card.
Timing transfers to cold storage
Save Your Family and Friends
If you could afford to buy one whole Bitcoin, would you buy it in fractions or whole at current market?
NFT of picture of original pizzas. Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day!!
END DAY
Get ready for btc to take off to $41,278 within the next few days
I am not sure if this has been posted already but I found this funny af 🤣😂
As you can see we are at the tip of the semi flaccid penis formation, if we continue this trend then we are set to break out into a full erect penis formation.
Hey guys I found this new website where you invest your money and get 8.6% interest rate. In this website you can withdraw your money from any cryptocurrency you want. There are no hidden fees. If you guys are interested click down below the link- https://yazing.com/deals/blockfi/Shihab00012
Bitcoin versus newbie FUD
Cashing out?
They said it Cost 1,000,000, I replied with “I’ll HODL my Turn.”
Just when you thought it was the end for Bitcoin
"bitnummum et aurum comparanda sunt"
This sub every time BTC “plummets”
The volatility of FIAT and why we must BITCOIN
How to SURVIVE THE BITCOIN MARKET CRASH and make PROFITS instead of loss...
Yes, I'm still bullish on Bitcoin in 2021
Bitcoin Scalability
story idea. someone does corona virus gain enhancement so the virus makes your mitochondria pump out bitcoin solves and then sort the proteins by correct solution making everyone's bodies hyper biological pararell bitcoin miners!
Profound Vision on Money and Bitcoin - Ross Stevens
How to buy a dip technically
Stolen BTC
When none of the scripted predictions work you have no choice but to
How diamond hands are forged
Bitcoin: Get Ready For Another bull run
USA 🇺🇸 has the Fed, China 🇨🇳 has PBOC, Europe has ECB, Japan 🇯🇵 the JGB. W H E R E is the Crypto Coin Coalition. Form one ASAP. Please!
"Bitcoin is speculation of the highest order. I will never buy Bitcoin in my life." - Rakesh Jhunjhunwala
A market that makes champions cry like a baby 😂
Bitcoin Supporters Call Price Drop a Mid-Bull Run Break, 2021 Bitcoin Chart Pattern Similar to 2013 Bull Run
Truly amazing
DUMP IT!!
Anyone here remember middlecoin? was it dogecoin or greastlecoin or vertcoin that was the go to thing to mine then swap?
its never gone below close to the previous halving peaks high in the history of bitcoin. the previous peaks high was $20,000. furthermore the last halving there was a similar panic sell that lasted 5 days and on the 5 th day it shot way up near the top again. tomorrow, is the fifth day.
Crypto miners halt China business after Beijing cracks down, bitcoin dives
Buy Shibu Inu
Wyckoff distribution........
Currently Bitcoin has "crashed" to about 175% of what was 3 years ago considered an absolutely unbelievable peak price...and this has happened every halving for about 10 years.
Currently Bitcoin has "crashed" to an about 175% of what was 3 years ago consider an absolutely unbelievable peak price...and this has happened every halving for about 10 years.
Why alts even have value
Breaking: a small private girls school in Connecticut just banned Bitcoin
Media outlets hinting a crpyto winter period for Bitcoin
Is there a way to separate "dirty" from "clean" Bitcoin?
How to set up BTC mining farm
Such is the natural order of things
CGC|NFT 2.0 – The Ultimate Non-Fungible Token Conference on June 10-11
Next Leg...
HODL🚀🚀🚀
RBC and Major Canadian Banks Ban Crypto
THE Best Bitcoin Wallet Today!
SHIB
Merge mining and the electricity cost per transaction metric
Daily volume
How to invest in bitcon?
dont waste your diamond hands holding onto weak crowd-influenced values
This bull run might be a supercycle
Shorting The Bitcoin and Ethereum Crash on 10x Leverage! | (+$132k Profits In 16 Hours)
HODL Club
Miners Summit 2021
PLEASE STOP POSTING FUD IF YOU BOUGHT IN FOR YOUR FIRST TIME IN 2021
*sigh* Any Tim Robinson fans out there?
Every person talking technical analysis or any other excuse just bought in 2021
Edward Evenson of SlushPool talks about authoritarianism and Bitcoin at 1:02:26
Miners Summit 2021
People can say what they want, but Bitcoin has become a wonderful way to boycott China's child labor crisis.
It all reminds me of the dip..
Easily anonymize your Bitcoin with 0.01 BTC chunk coinjoins
markets.businessinsider.com
Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman Quits Predicting Bitcoin’s Demise, Now Says BTC ‘Can Survive Indefinitely’!
800b in total crypto market cap gone in a day?
Energia renovável
China for the 12th time
Stealing bitcoin
Stealing bitcoin
Energia renovável
He did it for the Environment!
Pump it up Lyrics Endor
💩💩💩China ban is BS 💩💩💩 , Proof : if so the Hashrate Would have Dropped 117 TH .
BITCOIN
Feel like I might’ve been a bit stupid..
Screw the price- The Bitcoin #21 car will be on the front row for the Indy500 start next week!
Feeling it
Bitcoin and Dogecoin Graphs Look Identical Today -- Why?
Do you realize how high it is?
Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman Quits Predicting Bitcoin's Demise, Now Says BTC 'Can Survive Indefinitely' – Featured Bitcoin News
If noobs don't hold, price will tank and OG holders can't off ramp at decent prices.
Every time bitcoin rises from the depths #BTFD #HODL shout out to the OG davincij15
That Time EDP445 Bought the Crypto Dip
Just WOW !!!!
Does this seem legit?
Shoutout to my dentist ! 🦷
Does this seem legit?
BTC weekly closed, looking like an upward trend!
TIL China banned Facebook, Google and Youtube in 2009
Bitcoin isn't the meaning of it all but financial independence surely is by all means. Change my mind.
The shitstorm we are in is not from the majority of retail buyers on this forum; it is from the morons who overextended and panicked. 1. Don't invest more than you can sleep comfortably at night with. 2. Don't leverage. 3. HODL Bitcoin until a minimum of 12 months after the next halving.
Best Cryptocurrency Trading Platform
Energia renovável
Same FUD year after year.
If you sold recently, at what price would you get back into Bitcoin?
even you, Elon ?
Wow didn’t realize there were so many deush bags on here. I’m a Bitcoin newbie and got hustled by a scammer, just wanted to share my story so others know what to look for.. a bunch of assholes on here
Crypto taxes
Everywhere I go, I see his face
If I was Illuminati right now I’d be frothing at the mouth to attack Bitcoin
Cult-like behavior
Why there isn’t a buying wave rn?
What does your crypto portfolio look like and why are you investing in those cryptos?
I would like to see more use-applications for BTC
Correlation of portfolio and friends
governments and cryptocurrencies
Fun fax
That’s it! I’m selling, charts not looking good... it’s crashing!!! For real! take a look at the USD/BTC pair, it has been crashing for months! Sold my fiat and bought more bitcoin. See you guys at 100k
Does anyone else find the timing of the recent FUD ironic?
I have done the research, this is financial advice
If this is a bear market, then short it, these discussions are pointless
I think the dip is 28k nothing less .. look how many orders are in 30k price.. and please how can I find this ? Which app should use to see orders of btc or other coins. I found this pic online &amp; it's interesting
Bitcoin was banned in Forza Horizon 4 so...
Predicted it by the dollar. 71 hours ago #bitcoin
Site to profit from bitcoin by watching ads and baying bitcoin and bringing in bitcoin clint
Regarding whales, psychology, and greed. And we can trust greed.
The best Forex tradin robot you will find 90 % win rat!
thx mom
You only need the one
My Top 10 Most Influential People in Bitcoin
MACD stop playing games :(
NYDIG CEO: We’ll See an 'Explosion' in Bitcoin-Driven Financial Innovation in Banking &amp; Insurance
lost funds
The last few weeks in a nutshell
Happy Bitcoin Pizza Day (eat till you bust)
SaveTheWorld
Buckle up, buckaroos
Five killed in China as hit-and-run driver ‘takes revenge’ for failed investment
Master Scalper PRO - ForexStore.org Dowload Best Free EA ForexStore
Investors' discussion on the future development trend of digital currency and digital currency
Can someone give a good summary of China FUD
Why I SOLD All of My Bitcoins... IT'S OVER.
https://t.me/joinchat/moCzkPpmeMc3M2Fk 👆👆👆Congratulation to everyone who benefited from my company . Believe it or leave it Registration fee:$0.00 Registration bonus:$30 Daily earning :$1000 Weekly earnings :$7500 Monthly :$15000 Instant cash out
For the new guys that lost fiat value on their btc holdings but haven’t sold yet. This is how you achieve HODLER status. If you heard the term but didn’t know where it came from, here is the chance to read and learn.
DIP
Bank law allows banksters to bail in their customers to financially save themselves, but Crypto Exchanges must not seize our fiat for themselves, right? So then, it's better to park our fiat on the Exchange, not in the bank?
Elon Musk refuses to sell his Dogecoin’s
Thank you weak hands.
Elon Musk Wants to Know Where BTC Miners Are Getting Their Energy
Me 2 weeks ago vs me now
We still did not reach the top. No need to worry
I'm gonna get banned for this.
Where do you guys think bitcoin will move now?
I tried posting my Bitcoin craiglist scammer story but it won’t let me. If you’re dealing with someone who wants to buy your coin check out “Bitcoin Scams on Craigslist “
Bitcoin Ban and Other What If Scenarios in the United States
Who sold?
Is there a chance bitcoins will drop below 20k?
Bogdanoff and Chad share a drink.
Oh look !
#Bitcoin is un-stoppable
COMO ENVIAR CRYPTO EN BINANCE CHAIN
CVE-2021-31876 is NOT a Vulnerability ; This Behavior is Hard Coded
I'm down 60%. Three years' worth of salaries evaporated in one month. Can't wait for the next payday to continue DCA.
Stop Doubting
I will explain why I'm cool and what I've learned since 2019
BTC Is Lost
Bitcoin...
BTC algorithm and market manipulation formula calculation:
Nobel Laureate Krugman Takes Another Swing at Bitcoin And Bitcoin Swings Back
Tell me the best truck you love without telling me, Tesla.Inc Asked ! Leave your answer at the site and also see people reactions on this post ... #cybertruck #tesla #tesla.inc #elonmusk #dogecoin
Pulled up behind this car today. Taking it as a sign to buy more.
Be the highlander
Keep in mind that in 2+years, we’re never gonna see these prices again
What's the general view here on the constant environmental criticism Bitcoin gets?
Bitcoin on sale buy buy buy
3 Year BTC Veteran
Oh my god, just buy the dip.
Bitcoin community when the price goes up and down
Since 2012 and counting....
What’s the best app to use for mining Bitcoin?
Top 5 cryptographic forms of money to watch this week: BTC, ETH, ADA, SOL, MATIC
Has anybody got scammed by the people wanting to buy your bitcoin on Craigslist ? I was scammed a while back, if you type “Bitcoin Craigslist scammer” you’ll see my story. Just want to put it out there in case someone else has come across one of these people..
FORSAGE BUSD🤑🤑🤑
13 Metrics That Show The Bitcoin Bull Run is NOT Over
Lyn Alden Believes 97% Will Lose Everything After This! Inflation Fear! Banks Stealing Your Money!
When you think you’re about to be in the clear
EL ENTRENADOR DEL TRADING - LECCION 1
This is the newest project of him?
"Greedy when others are fearful" - A Paradox
Average buy price on Binance.us?
Xi Jinpin aka hashrate slayer (CCP) w/ sound / Asset ID: 225393751 - Series of 3 | 1 for sale, 1 giveaway, 1 in Vault! No clawback or freeze.
Xi Jinpin aka hashrate slayer (CCP) w/ sound / Asset ID: 225393751 (Algorand) - Series of 3 | 1 for sale, 1 giveaway, 1 in Vault! No clawback or freeze.
It always goes like this...
Fak yeah 😂😂😂😂
Why are USB ASICs so expensive?
Where is my LAMBO?
EL ENTRENADOR DEL TRADING - INTRODUCCION (1)
Bought BTC at ATH.
My Mood These Days
Why are USB ASICs so expensive? They can't earn anything !
34k is lava LOL
ADA Drops 50% In One Week, Perfect Buying Opportunity?
Can someone explain why China is so hell bent on banning crypto?
Bitcoin's finally going to the moon? It makes sense now!
Bitcoin Will SKYROCKET After This Crash ENDS!!! Bitcoin Price Prediction 2021- Raoul Pal
Bitcoin whales accumulate 122.5K BTC amid latest market mayhem
How do i get started?
Rollbit: Get up to 50$ for free, no strings attached - bet with crypto
In case you nut-saks forgot where we came from here my post from only 10 months ago
Happy belated Bitcoin pizza day!
Want to buy the dip but I am being hesitant
Bitcoin
Newsflash: Your Mom Is Going To Zero - Bitcoin Is Doing Fine
When lambo
Newsflah: Your Mom is Dropping to Zero - Bitcoin Is Doing Fine
ni₿₿a nae nae
It's over
so we hatched a plan...
This is the newest project of him?
Bitcoin going to zero - don’t worry it’ll never happen.
This is the newest project of him?
The rain and wind have come to a end. Everything is still wet, but sun is starting come out. The storm is done. We are moving back up.
Stealing bitcoin with math
SaveTheWorld
Take Elon Musk off Twitter with this petition.
$75 Ethereum Cryptocurrency FREE Giveaway -Race to 950 subs-
Are you scared yet BITCOINER ?
Former treasury secretary says Bitcoin can become digital gold
How the market be the last 2 weeks
Today is 5/23/21 and BTC is at $33,826. By 5/28/21 BTC will be at approximately $19,000. I have developed an analysis prediction method that is frighteningly accurate so I’m putting it to the test and sticking my neck out to show everyone I’m not kidding.
Exchange Btc/usd/eth
BREAKING: “Antartica just banned cryptos”
http://atomicwebaccess.epizy.com/
Fgg
Nowadays we are🙁
tell me this it is not the worst pull-back you've ever seen. this is the first time I'm experiencing such pullback
Love the dips! Just bought significant position BTC #trusttheprocess #discount
You’re not having a constructive debate about bitcoin when you spam that it is going to 5k or 0k- you’re just being a jerk
Can anyone share a trusted asic dealer from alibaba I want to buy bitfury b8 or snowpanther a1
WE WILL TECH BE IN BEAR MARKETS, WEEKLY CLOSE UNDER 21-EMA , U SEE MY LAST 3 DAYS TEC ANAL IS PLAYING OUT AS PREDICTED? #DOGE COIN IS MOON CRASHIN BACK TO APROX 8 CENTS &amp; LOWER ,WAIT &amp; BUY DIP AFTER SHORT NOW #DOGECOIN #BTC #PHEMEX tradingview.com/chart/DOGEUSD/…
UnFUD yourself
Bear market is over, Bullrun started, all cryptos on way to north
These Fantastic Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Updated Fear &amp; Greed Index for you :)
Help me here 🙋🏼‍♂️
Rollbit: Get up to 50$ for free, no strings attached - bet with crypto
What most don’t know about BTC from my inside investigations;
For beginners
Don't be sad from the dip
Brazil's stocks market value has just surpassed bitcoin market cap ;-;
Maybe the DIP might just be over? 🤔
Is this BTC crash related to a stablecoin scam?
Not sellin
BREAKING: “Antartica just banned cryptos”
The Bitcoin Scammer. Don’t fall for this, she’s using a script to steal your Bitcoin. Victims speak out as she funds her luxurious lifestyle.
Bitcoin Indycar Qualifies for Front Row of Indy 500
can someone remake this with updated stats pls
Coinbase: cannot transfer funds?
Bitcoin Indycar Qualifies for Front Row of Indy 500
Is anyone concerned Tether scam is about to go ass up?
We don't have a price.
Guys, is hard to see the price dropping, but the run was great, we have some coins holding a really good price, shiba could be a great opportunity to make some money until but goes steady again!
Question about wallets.
Spotted at Taco Bell drive thru🤙🏽
Discussion for Bitcoin
We don't have a price.
Bitcoin Futures trading = Untold greed.
Depressed today and seeking good news about Bitcoin and human innovations. Any help accepted. Trolls also welcome if you’re funny.
Pic unrelated.
The Bitcoin Simulation Model???? Bullish
"End the FUD" - A site with a compilation of links to articles/data/etc. debunking classic FUD arguments
My thinking today
Those paper hands newcomers don’t understand one basic fact
China have sold the highs, now u mugs are buying the dips
If history repeats, we should be good. Hope y'll have 💎🙌🏼 in the meanwhile.
The Simulation Model
The Bitcoin Simulation Model
I lost a lot of money, but i dont‘t sell. No chance for shortsellers. Are you there?
Haha losers!
The best investors
Singapore largest bank: Bitcoin is ‘potentially a better store of value’ than the dollar
Price suppression
What's the best way to buy bitcoin on mobile, uk
Max torment situation increases as Bitcoin drops to $31K, altcoins auction
Could bitcoin end corruption?
Major crypto exchanges shut down in china due to emission troubles.
FREE £10 of Bitcoin NO purchase/Deposit needed.
"Tether fraud waiting to blow up Crypto markets"
Dont worry
Don't Catch a Falling Knife:
The truth may hurt.
If you overextended...
Lets all email support@btc.com and ask them nicely to signal taproot on the rest of their nodes
Before You Pull Out
If you want to invest in Bitcoin and earn a large of profit ?
Confused about what’s going on? There’s evidence the crypto market is being manipulated by large, institutional investors to buy assets on the cheap. This not the end of Bitcoin. HOLD!
the state of the market
If I can HOLD you can too, stop paper handing we are here for the long term.
I am a master analist and I predict this 6 month bottom before next bull run🗣🗣👏🏻
Could Bitcoin Really Go That High?
extreme fear? extreme discount!$!$!$
Bitcoin value slips beneath $34K: What are the critical levels to watch?
Bitcoin down practically half from year's high
History do repeat itself , multiple time!
Do you ever get so frustrated because you can’t log in to your account on Binance but then remember you’re a Coinbase customer?
Satoshi Nakamoto Real Identity
What to do in crash?
Bitcoin down almost 50% from year's high
I'm not going to lie, I'm pretty excited about what's going on right now.
Tremendo indicador 🌈
END DAY
So back in 2011, while a friend got 1600 bitcoins, I didn’t look at it out of laziness and procrastination.
Bitcoin Revisits $40K: Here’s Why BTC Turned Attractive On Dips
Donation
First physical purchase with Bitcoin, 10,000 BTC for 2 Pizzas in 2009
Elon after seeing no heavy price action in the crypto market:
Help me school a boomer
Hass McCook (civil engineer who has been delivering estimates of Bitcoin's energy use and CO2 emissions since 2014) on Bitcoin's energy use in context
He might have your best interest in mind
Bitcoin is already here, the days of speculation are over.
850 Subscriber Special 3070 RTX FREE Give away Gift cards and ETHEREUM plus **WINNER** announcement
Musk doge project is
Reddit does not want you to see Wyckoff info-
FACT CHECK: Is Bitcoin mining environmentally unfriendly?
Newbie to Crypto, have few basic questions on Bitcoin.
Crypto Traders be like...
Who want to invest with a legit and reliable Bitcoin company platform ?
Wyckoff pattern examples:
Wyckoff Modeling for BTC:
https://onlyfans.com/geminiblonde Go see my onlyfans for more pictures of me and to see some of your biggest fetich be reality! Come subscribe and we'll discuss 💝💦
Over $800 billion wiped from the global crypto market after bitcoin crash
What are the prospects for Ethereum Classic?
This rally is pitiful.
FUD Reversal! - UK Finance in top 10 for carbon emissions...
Investment Knowledge
Jade Currency
Bitcoin IDA Program
I saw this article on Elon wanting to work with miners to make it there mining more renewable in terms of energy. I think it's pretty bogus but maybe I'm just mad at his way of doing things. what are your thoughts???
The Fed Is Going Digital (CBDC), Negative Rates Are Coming
How do you buy the dips?
Bitcoin seems to have been the most stable coin in this dip will this always be true?
Crypto travel agency?
Why I’m Not Mad At Elon Anymore
Elon tweets:
Kevin O'leary wants to kill bitcoin fungability, Elon and Micheal Saylor helps him willingly or not.
me when am going to the store
Ape together strong
People are talking about: #dog,#pics. Join the conversation
Anyone got a link to a pirated copy of The Fiat Standard by Saifedean Ammous?
Upcoming multibaggers
HELP!!! Couldn’t get into ledger with my CORRECT pin code. Then tried again and it worked ??? Glitch in the hardware or ???
Saylor is a toxic influence:
Kraken taking 1 week for transfer..
Was I scammed?
I PREDICTED THE BITCOIN CRASH WITH A STAR.
TELL ELON TO SHUT THE HELL UP!!!!!
Cardano’s Charles Hoskinson Says He’s Now a Crypto Billionaire
Full node over WiFi/Remote
Dip, Pump...... ZOOM OUT
I'll bet my BTC that Elon is going to announce Tesla mining this year.
Whales. The biggest Bitcoin problem.
Check out this great article describing bitcoin for those who’ve heard it but may not know about the tech
Elite Trading Hub - Scam or Legit
Bitcoin Audible: Read_529 - QE, MMT, Inflation &amp; Deflation - Part 1 [Lyn Alden]
Why are whales trying to accumulate still?
Investing wiser
Recursos de
Grouchy boomer says new things are bad
DeFi Hosted Wallet - 1 Click Access to DeFi
Darkweb no longer taking bitcoin ?
Can You Profit Off a Red Market?
Laughing at people that sold during the big dip lol
Who is ready? #bitcoin To The moon and 🥰🤣🤣🤣🚀🚀 by
After two weeks of red, we have a bullish green crayon completed
Jerome Powell appears to be getting ready to do something stupid(watch video)
Be like Diana but better at it
Pump
Marathon Miners Have Started Censoring Bitcoin Transactions
Announcment
To the moooooon!
XRP Ripple Prediction For Next Weeks
Free Signals For Today 26 May 2022
Coinbase Pro DCA Script For Lower Trading Fees
In a filing minutes ago, Globant (NYSE: GLOB), market cap $8.7 billion, disclosed it has been buying Bitcoin
Recursos humanos
WOW!!! A for Bitcoin :)
PLEASE SOMEONE I NEED HELP!!! LEDGER WALLET PIN NOT WORKING?
BTC Idea from 2018. Please share your opinions!
Liquidation
Put Your Bitcoin to Work for You!
Got ripped off on Coinbase last night, bought bitcoin using a swap and was charged 38,448 when the bitcoin was trading around 35,000 at the time... shameful and I guess I will be taking my business elsewhere.
Is this a scam?
Bubble caused by raging bots on exchange
Best investment next to bitcoin...
WOW!!! B for Bitcoin :)
Hey guys hope all is good! We’re doing a road to 1k challenge in our free discord server and we only need 10 more people to participate would anyone be interested ?
This is gold: "Tesla car plants and charging stations should publish their energy mix"
B for Bitcoin by a 5-year kid
Help with coinbase.
Got ripped off on Coinbase last night. Swapped an altcoin for bitcoin and got charged 38,448 when the price was around 34,490 at the time. I guess I will be switching to Binance or another platform...
Got these random bitcoin searches in my history? I did not search these.....
A trojan horse in the Bitcoin Blockchain? OFAC Compliant blocks
Ray Dalio Owns Bitcoin, Would Settle for BTC over Government Bonds
I'm a BTC maxi, and I'm concerned that BTC is losing the narrative
Can you convert an IRA into Crypto?
"I hereby pledge to disable my Tesla as a energy neutral measure to offset my Bitcoins. If you don't sign this you suck."
New ATH of $4.53B in realised losses, on-chain analysis by glassnode
Humans religiously give millions everyday to ancient God's they've never seen... Yet mention Bitcoin and they'd be like... "hell no.. that shits a scam!" 😂
strategy
Bitcoin
Bitcoin needs to crash to this level before skyrocketing to $120k – Clem Chambers
Micheal Saylor and Doge father are tag team partners. They are enemies when they need to reduce the price. Vice Versa. Back door meetings are not good for crypto. Sounds too centralized 🤔
The Worst Shitcoin....
"dirty energy Bitcoin" is just Wall Street's new way to slow bitcoins dominance since "only criminals use bitcoin" stopped working.
HEY! Buddy if have any interest in bitcoin and dogcoin so click this link
A new coin is proposed that to ensure no additional electricity usage is used in mining that they get a GreenCoin if they take one Tesla off the road (that's a joke to make a point. Dont hurt any Tesla's please.)
Can anyone figure this out?
Leaked Video from the Bitcoin Mining Council Meeting 5/23/21
Bitcoin livery car qualifies 3rd for Indy 500!
Bitcoin is the adult in the room
What wallet should I use to throw $500 into? (fees, etc)
Pundi X Mainet Update😍
Bitcoin Rebounds as Bearish Bets Ease; BTC Bull Repeats $100K Target
Saw this traveling through Kentucky!
ATM I'm not gonna go as far as Haralabob did by saying "I'm out" but he has a point here
Take profit-Stop loss, buy-sell, trade-invest
I'm not gonna go as far as saying "I'm out", but Haralabob has some points here
Rally after the dip got me like...
Chill Elon
Bitcoin the future
Thoughts on the Tether financial report? Maybe the reason of the crash?
28 ATH days so far this cycle, much more to come
The Future of Crypto
EDP445 trolling Peter Schiff and Xi Jinping after Elon's tweet
Is Blue wallet good?
mine BTC. Doge and ETH
Low effort meme
Bitcoin Whale Addresses are Accumulating at the Fastest Rate in Nearly Four Months
Low effort meme
It truly takes one BTC market cycle to really understand BTC
Say good forever to $30,000. It's been nice knowin ya!
Bullish Case for Bitcoin.
Don't trust big players,institutions, Jp. Morgan and Elon Musk. Don't let a bull trap happen.
https://www.kickstarter.com/projects/boyapati/the-bullish-case-for-bitcoin-book-launch
Bitcoin And The Death Of The US Dollar
Hey guys, any thoughts about the migration of Bitcoin miners and China?
Today is bounce back,the chart is still very bearish
Hmmmmm
Price predictions for this week?
Waiting for USDT ponzi scheme to fall.
With Micheal on this one.
Kevin O'Leary changes since stance on crypto in two years.
Mining council- dispels FUD but at what cost?
It was an orchestrated assault on your bitcoin... do not forget next time
Comparing 2021 vs 2018 mining efficiency and energy consumption
Some questions regarding btc's future...
Bitcoin as next step in evolution
is it really that abnormal to have an entire BTC? what about 10 or even 100?
The strug is real
The Mother of crypto EARNING!!
my bitcoin anal ysis
MoonNet is now live on Binance-smartchain and it's available at 🥞PancakeSwap🥞
Andy "strives" to work to help Butter pay off her debt, but still doesn't forget to insist on her investing in cryptocurrency like him. Butter's previous life is gradually revealed! But would that be the truth?!
Who is ready? #Bitcoin To The Moon🚀🚀🚀
Bitcoin stolen
Bitcoin Mining Council
China Will Likely Ban All Bitcoin Mining Soon - Slashdot
Elon Musk created a bitcoin council and is supporting the cryptocurrency again
Gee I wonder who just bought more bitcoin.. look at the time frames
What's bitcoin doing about electricity usage?
Did Elon changed his mind?
Winning is great, sure, but if you are really going to do something in life, the secret is learning📉📊 how to lose. Nobody goes undefeated all the time. If you can pick up after a crushing defeat, and go on to win again, you are going to be a champion someday.💯💯
HSBC Not Interested in Bitcoin, Says CEO
How &amp; Why Michael Saylor &amp; MicroStrategy Can Become Bitcoin Villains
Tesla should accept payments in USDC.
Groundbreaking move as Edinburgh-based building firm Orocco accepts cryptocurrency
=/
Hey Bears, get back to sleep. It's showtime for BITCOIN now !
Dr. Michael Saylor, Bitcoin expert.
JUST FOUND THIS! YOU THINK HE REGRETS TODAY? 😂😂😂
"Your illiteracy has screwed us again!"
Who/what is this Gold mans sack that people are talking about?
Check out my balance….. To the 🌚 🚀 🚀
Bitcoin Lurks Where Monetary Responsibility Has Been Abdicated
We need a sticky for this: Bitcoin 2021 Conference in Miami (Next week!)
t seems like Andy can't hide his feelings towards Butter anymore, but Butter still takes that for granted. Andy "Thi No" cooks porridge for Butter "Chi Pheo" after the hangover?! Wow, seems like Andy is speeding up in flirting with Butter.
Should I buy now or should I wait so I can buy for a better price?
Peter schiff gets school on Bitcoin by "Kev" from twitter.
We need a sticky for this: Bitcoin 2021 Conference | Miami - June 4-5, 2021 (It will be huge and I didn't even know, why is not more promoted here?)
Price correction for Bitcoin and altcoins mirrored the Covid-19 “white swan” event that allowed money on the sidelines to enter the market at discount rates!
This is the state of this sub at the moment
WHY Bitcoin Will Succeed And Make You Rich
cryptocurrencies 2021
Next dip coming. Fasten your seatbelts and dont buy too early ;)
Just saw this t-shirt inspired by the post of the guy that invented HODLING
Major Financial Firms Start a Bitcoin Lobby
Goldman Sachs
What do you guys think about bitcoin Certificates ?
Congratulations to all holders of US Dollars! 1 dollar is now worth 0.000025 Bitcoin! Way to go, guys! 👏👏👏
Do you think bitcoin will go down this week?
Dalio prefers bitcoin to bonds
Starting to look very bullish (sorry for bad quality picture)
U.S. regulators signal stronger risk, tax oversight for cryptocurrencies
Yesterday I was pleased to host a meeting between @elonmusk &amp; the leading Bitcoin miners in North America. The miners have agreed to form the Bitcoin Mining Council to promote energy usage transparency &amp; accelerate sustainability initiatives worldwide.
Who is ready? #bitcoin
And we have liftoff! Boom! This correction / crash will be one for the history books! $100k this year. Anyone who got blasted by FUD as a newbie - welcome to the crypto market. We all experience - right of passage. HODL
Candale
Michael Saylor: Yesterday I was pleased to host a meeting between @elonmusk &amp; the leading Bitcoin miners in North America. The miners have agreed to form the Bitcoin Mining Council to promote energy usage transparency &amp; accelerate sustainability initiatives worldwide.
The miners have agreed to form the Bitcoin Mining Council to promote energy usage transparency &amp; accelerate sustainability initiatives worldwide.
Elongate is tweeting again for the boomers on CNBC
what are your thoughts on the market today? Do you think maybe it's a bear trap? or was this weekend really the bottom??
Bitcoin Price Drops - How To Handle This - Michael Saylor
If you wonder why bitcoin jumped today
because the FUD pisses me off
Elon spoke with North American Bitcoin miners
❣️
Tesla Bitcoin Announcement Timing
Kevin O'Leary Reveals His Bitcoin &amp; Defi Strategy
Elon on twitter"Spoke with North American Bitcoin miners. They committed to publish current &amp; planned renewable usage &amp; to ask miners WW to do so. Potentially promising."
Good News!
Elon spoke with North American miners
Down the rabbit hole
Tiger Blood
The Bullish Case for Bitcoin
DOGGED - A Bizonacci Tribute
I don’t want to jinx it.
Ray Dalio, a billionaire investor, on Bitcoin: “I suspect that Bitcoin’s biggest risk is being successful, because if it’s successful, the government will try to kill it, and they have a lot of power to succeed.” What are your thoughts on this quote?
Spotted in the wild. Ps. My car is a mess because it’s a depreciating asset
Oh how I love picking up 250,000 Sats for under $100 USD
7 days unconfirmed
Advice for a noob about transitioning off Robinhood
Interview with Plan B
Making extra profit Staking your Crypto
Thoughts on Elon's tweets
Now accepting Bitcoin 🔥🔥🔥
Banks (Not Bitcoin) in Australia Laundered $387,000,000 for Latin American Drug Cartels: Report
Question about mining rig composition
Billionaire and legendary founder of Bridgewater Associates Ray Dalio
Timely PSA: Backup all your logins, wallets, 2FA's etc!
Because apparently bitcoin is a toy and not a real asset
How high can bitcoin really get? If it safe to invest now?
Ethereum to overtake bitcoin read this Article from Forbes about linked info on Ethereum outlook
1,000,000,000 USDT minted at Tether Treasury
Bitcoin honesty spectrum
@MiningFlare
I just bought btc for the first time, how should I go about this?
Lastest News here emergency
$YooShi 10 days old and 135k holders, get it on pancakeswap or hotbit
Question
How do we make Satoshis the unit displayed on retail exchanges?
Me checking my portfolio vs me knowing I’m a long term HODLer.
Jim Cramer sees ‘one more cathartic decline’ in bitcoin as a buy sign to those who missed crypto craze
How to invest in bitcoin
Store of value explained.
why did cryptocurrency bitcoin market crashed?
One River Files To Offer Carbon Neutral Bitcoin ETF
Elon Musk SpaceX - Gangsta's Paradise | 2021 VERSION
Best cryptoexchange for future trading of bitcoin.. exchange which doesn't trade against the users.
Rich Dad Poor Dad’s Robert Kiyosaki On The Current Bitcoin Opportunity
How is this not already a thread?
We are in a great place guys. I don't think we will lose that support. But in case we do, I WILL DUCKING BUY MORE
Bitcoin last week in a nutshell
How does wallet rating for calculating miner's fees work?
Ray Dalio is officially a bitcoin maxi
German bank that went nearly bankrupt in 2019 says Bitcoin is ‘wishful thinking’
You don’t always have to save those coins 🤫
Ars Technica: China will likely ban all bitcoin mining soon
How long does an order take with BitcoinIRA.com?
Senator Cynthia Lummis On Regulation, Excessive Spending And Bitcoin 2021
Floor
Taking my CA real estate sales exam tomorrow. Shouldn’t have a problem with this one 💎🙌🏼
Bitcoin is BIGGER than Musk!
Hello
IRS Wants Tools for Cracking Crypto Wallets: aka IRS can't allow tax payments to be "Voluntary".
Nuevo Crash del BITCOIN Mayo 2021???
Yes, Bitcoin Is Useless. Many Will Say: So What?
SCALPING LIVE NZDCAD. PRACTICANDO LA ESTRUCTURA D MERCADOS I
hello all
The concept of "mining"
From Satoshi came my vision
I miss the meme with the wizard in the hat saying "Magic Internet Money" not the original i dont think but its close
HODL a minute, nice Bitcoin propaganda at Premier League 😁⚽🥅🏟️
i just bought bitcoin and XRP
I miss the meme with the wizard in the hat saying "Magic Internet Money"
Buy a sand mine and keep the sand from fracking
Easy way to earn bitcoin join 😁
ddd
That's it ;)
Acceptance and why a lot of people don't want to hear about it
A look at Bitcoin market for late May 2021. What are key levels of support &amp; resistance? Bitcoin dominance? Are we still in a bull market? Buy the dip or wait till next week?
Hayyyy crazy world, who will give me a little bitcoin? My wallet is 3C2jgFMs6YtNssDD7wGVk4Lrd3YbdmqAUG
Acceptance - Why many of my friends don't get it, and how I realized I'm an asshole
Such a stupid article XD... Tesla didn't invest into bitcoin to make a quick profit on the short term. That type of crypto investing is basiclly just glorified gambling. A major company such as tesla defenetly invested into bitcoin for the long term growth value.
Simple yet hard Question
Cashapp an okay place to do Bitcoin?
Depressed from the recent crypto crash. I’ve ask a homeless drunk today what I should buy. He mumbled out “ABCDE”.
coinbase.com/join/ravell_1c?src=ios-link
Ray Dalio: I'd Rather Have Bitcoin Than a Bond
Hey guys, i'm in debt 20k USD
"Ark Invest buys 20 million of BTC" I found the SEC fillings
Commercial Banks
Wow great day of trading
South Korea’s ‘Kimchi Premium’ Returns, Bitcoin Prices Up 8% Higher Than Global Average
I missed out on the dip :(
Just saw this t-shirt inspired on the original "I AM HODLING" post on Bitcointalk that created the expression HODL
I'm the developer of a new 100% FREE mobile slots casino game that pays out REAL bitcoin prizes! LN ⚡withdrawals coming soon. Currently in limited roll-out, more countries coming soon 🌎 Please comment to let us know what you think :) https://satoshimillions.onelink.me/ld8V/e434b053
would it be good to sell now, and buy it later cheaper $100 banana guys
Drop to 20k or pump to 64k?
Great ready for all the GOOD NEWS that's coming.
Billionaire Ray Dalio says he owns bitcoin, and its 'greatest risk is its success'
i just bought a small 300 in bitcoin due to the crash
END DAY
Naver, Kakao, LG ‘Will Bid to Participate’ in South Korean CBDC Pilot
Banks Pollute Way More Than Bitcoin, Study Finds
If Bitcoin is an accepted World Currency
Can we stop posting / upvoting posts similar to "Bitcoin (Btc) to hit &lt;insert value here&gt; this year according to &lt;insert individual name or simply 'analyst' at X Bank&gt;." These posts offer so little actual value.
Jet FUD can’t melt steel hands
Bitcoin is Fiat!
Bitcoin on DeFi:How the Oldest Coin is Getting in on Crypto's Newest Thing
Bitcoin on DeFi:How the Oldest Coin is Getting in on Crypto's Newest Thing
Listen to Goldman Sach not to Elon M. when talking about Bitcoin..
Bitcoin on DeFi: How the Oldest Coin is Getting in on Crypto's Newest Thing
ETH/BTC is soaring again. It's an ominous sign
The Scapegoats of Crypto: Elon and Retail
Will Bitcoin price continue to drop?
Can someone pls give me money my BTC address is 33DS4fZUFYAHVPqFeJ8vXNumDoC9Ygwpub
Is it worth transferring Bitcoin (and even ETH) off of Gemini to Trezor given fees? Or should it be left on the exchange? Jw as cant i earn back the network fee with it increasing in value in my cold storage or should I just keep it on the exchange?
Whales And Institutions Appear To Be Buying The Bitcoin Dip
Finding Bitcoin’s Bottom During the May 2021 Crypto Crash
Chinese bitcoin traders wield 'enormous influence' despite Beijing's crackdown
Bitcoin 40000!
It’s so sad...
tradingview.com/chart/ETHUSD/i… HEY GUYS DOUBLE PATTERN BREAKOUT ON ETHER (ETH) A ASCENDING TRIANGE AND INVERSE HEAD &amp; SHOULDERS BREAKING NOW! ABOVE ALL EMA’S TARGETS LOOKING LIKE 3990.00 AFTER BOTH COMPLETE, HERE IS MY CHART, FOLLOW AND LIKE IF U WANT MORE GREAT TRADES #ETH #BTC #bybit
Great...🙄 don't they already couterfit the current currency enough? This is one coin I will boycot
If the US goes into a recession what kind of response would we likely see with Bitcoin? New to crypto
ELI5: What is the coin part of Bitcoin?
Does anyone really think the show is over?
In the midst of rising stablecoin inflow, mindful brokers dread a dead feline bob
Economist Lacy Hunt on where the Value Lies in Bitcoin
Looking for a Bitcoin 2021 ticket
What You Should Do With Bitcoin. NOW!
Beyond market cycles; Bitcoin’s yearly lows
These are not the PJs pies I know. These pizzas look legit hand made.
RSK Are Opening Up the Bitcoin Network
Cryptotabbrowser
NFTs, DeFi &amp; more are coming to the Bitcoin Network thanks to RSK
Regarding Bitcoin exposure in a tax advantaged account for you smart people…
There’s little difference between prices in the long run
If Elon Musk hanged himself and left a note that said "i f**d you all with that sh**", how would that affect the price of Doge?
WHY IS CRYPTOCURRENCY IN DEMAND GET ALL YOUR ANSWERS HERE!
Billionaires getting bailouts from the government to leave this planet... Bitcoin fixes this
Bitcoin Echo Chamber: The Bitcoin Mining Council BEC050
Any tips for new investor?
A little life changing audio book for those who want to learn more about Bitcoin
Bitcoin Could Touch $300,000, Says BTC China's Lee
Could a brother spare some crypto? A little will go a long way for me, thank you.
I probably should of bought a few more.
To those that yell ‘winter is coming’
SCAM SCAM SCAM SCAM
Question about price levels/inflation and Cryptocurrency valuation
Accurate
Rastreamento agrícola
So today I went to a btc atm trying to buy and send Bitcoin to someone ,using the address they sent me , I entered everything in word for word letter for letter and put in $240 and it printed me a paper wallet with a different address on it. I try and scan the QR code and it says no money ??????
New lunched investment company
BitCoin 2021!
Selling 2021 conference tickets via eventbrite app. 2 tickets available.
Bitcoin, PoW, and it's consequences predicted in detail by Buckminster Fuller in 1981:
How do you privately run a node?
100k added only god can judge me now 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Cryptocurrency Had a Dire Weekend. Why?
Why Does the CFPB Want To Protect Teens From Cryptocurrencies?
Just a reminder!
How would this affect the traditional financial system and would bitcoin be affected also? Thoughts?
Hello Friend, I make money Trading online With PRIME FOREX TRADES, I earn $4'500 in Just 12hrs, ASK ME HOW
Please can someone explain how to buy BTC with bad currencies like Pesos and capital control
ELI5 How exactly are ARG pesos and Naira etc converted to BTC without going to USD via banks first?-- Is there a liquidity provider option I am missing?
Bitcoin/ Crypto IRA
Got my x ray back today doctor said he never seen anything like this before let's Goooo 💎
Sentiment Index; applying news narrative to Bitcoin (gold);
Typhoon Network
Raoul Pal Explores $1,000,000 Bitcoin's Price Possibility in this Halving Cycle
FinTok &amp; 'Finfluencers' Are On The Rise: 3 Tips To Assess Their Advice
The Biden administration is reportedly looking at how to increase oversight of crypto to protect retail investors and prevent illegal activity
History doesn’t always repeat itself, but it does rhyme. 🦢 Exactly 372 days after the last halving in 2017. the market went into a huge black swan event that crashed Bitcoin 42%. Everyone panic sold and were calling Bitcoin and the bull market dead. What happened next is history ...
Is it possible to use localbitcoins again when the account got terminated ?
If 'cash is trash', I've been doing a pretty good job taking out the garbage recently
Cryptocurrency Miners Shop - Buy Miners from Canada, China and Amsterdam.
Hi, I’m an international student and have a tax question.
short-term: BUY, med-term: SELL. credibility? correctly predicted 50% correction mid-cycle last time around, professional trader for 5 years, worked at a wall street trading firm for 2 years. no FUD here just standard market participant behavior analysis/prediction. history always repeats itself
Bitbuy.ca Wont release my funds
Bitcoin pizza guy who squandered $365M has no regrets
Help a brother out
I lost all my money
The next big crypto - $PYE #CreamPYE
Ohh my I just heard about the UK parliamentary being bullish on ETH saying it could flip BTC WHAT ARE YOU THOUGHTS?
🚀🚀🚀
Elon Musk And The Dutch Central Bank's Misinformation Campaign
Wallet with the highest APY
Conversation with a financial advisor
Free coin?
Bitcoin and other crypto as money substitute
Lyn Alden - "This Will Get A Lot Worse" Prepare For The WORST CRISIS of your LIFETIME
what the hell bitcoin?
Bybit to close all chinese accounts by June 15
Change my view: I am against Bitcoin, and the pinned website did not sufficiently address my concerns.
Meet me in the Bitcoin, it’s goin downnnnnn
Gone for forever?
Bitcoin is gone ?
Is It Gone for forever?
PSA: Nodes have more control over the protocol than miners
omw to 100k 🥰
Holding in ranges, good or bad?
We are Buying Bitcoin, Ethereum and Perfect Money - Instant Funding &amp; Same Day Withdrawal.
Tired of the Squeeze
Bitcoin FUD campaign admissiob
🚫🚫⏩STOP: Even You Can Make $$$ every day – Chance of a Lifetime!
Sm@bitcoin.bl
Tracking your Whole Portfolio made Easier?
See the difference when you HODL? 🤪
I know Bitcoin has a finite of 21 million coins but you have other altcoins today and more will be created in the future. Will creation of new altcoins inflate the value of Bitcoin?
Could Someone Explain What This Means?
Bitcoin Is A Savings Account With An Average Growth Of 200% A Year
Does Lightning group together or “pool” low-value; high-frequency bitcoin transfers? So when the “pool” reached a certain value threshold; it is posted to the blockchain?
Indicators in Binance
Why in the world would Elon Musk alienate Bitcoin holders away from the Tesla brand.
Hi people, I'm new to bitcoin, and I have a few questions I would deeply appreciate if anyone could help me with.
Cardano or xrp?
Very rich person Ray Dalio is a Bitcoin hodler
Bitcoin is going to test $23k support and grave danger of testing $13k support-Source: FDT Trading Analyzer
Bitcoin in MLB no longer out of left field, Yankees manager Aaron Boone says.
Prefect representation
Bitcoin is going to test $23k-Source: FDT Trading Desk Analyzer
Anyone know what this method of grabbing coins is called?
Buying on leverage
DID YOU TRY PASSWORD? ‘Complete idiot’ Bitcoin trader Stefan Thomas lost £200MILLION because he FORGOT his crypto password
Exchange my 150k Paypal to ur 5k BTC
Elon vs BTC: thanks, but no thanks.
HA! Liz Claman wanted to say that Crypto was rising....
Elon sucks, but he still is responsible for the biggest daily candle in BTC history.
Has anyone had any luck with recovering BTC from DROPBIT?
Is my PC good to mine 1 bitcoin?
📢Exchange with $10 bonuses, sign up
Something to help keep it up.
I need help with some BTC i sent, please help
Newbie
Elon you are at Falcon 1 Bitcoin knowledge level and are recklessly over torquing bolts Starship level Bitcoin people have carefully adjusted over a decade. Your first stage is about to coast into your second stage and deorbit success. Please stop.
We should *want* China to have a large percentage of the mining. Here's why.
Why Cardano Has Seen a Surge in Investment Inflows Over Last Week
The complete knowledge Sats - The Bitcoin Unit
Wyckoff is what’s happening..
[Question] How to tell where my Bitcoin was mined?
Ron Paul announced for 2021 Bitcoin Conference in Miami
Can someone make a version of this about bitcoin and the new mining cartel I mean “council”
Could someone explain this whole “if you own this many satoshi’s you are ahead… ie .05, .001, .01, .8” is it that the idea is owning more than 10 million satoshis or less etc. will translate to fiat? Or is it just the stack principle to get as close to a whole bitcoin?
Blockchain.com shows incorrect adress value?
Should we worry about the so called miners and Elon Musk alliance?
Digital Yuan Not Intended for the International Stage, Say Experts
Never thought I'd be able to help out my mother all those years ago by believing in a whitepaper
an NFT I’m working on “THE ORIGINAL BITCOIN MINE “
It’s all becoming clear
Recently I got interested in learning how to invest in crypto currencies. So I decided to take a course from Udemy from Suppoman. However, I saw some posts that he is a scammer. Now, I am uncertain if I should proceed learning the material he is teaching in his lectures. Advices?
Don’t forget the other billionaire who wants to control Bitcoin. We see you
I love btc but
How I significantly increased the routing income of my lightning node with charge-lnd
Power cables
I say we recruit r/WSB to short Microstrategy and Tesla
Help me guys
Bitcoin go up 15% Now !
Yoshi bites my finger whenever I think about selling, get yourself a Yoshi to ensure HODL
Commissioned a brick to be engraved back in Feb. Thought it would be higher by now 😅. Hodling to Mars!! Happy 3m members to this sub!!! 🎉🎉
TrustMoon Network ($TMOON) Presale is coming Soon
What can I buy with cryptocurrency but I cannot buy it with cash or any other means?
2,284,500.0 bitcoins left to be mined
How do i stop regretting FOMOing into the top?
Automated Roller Coaster Bitcoin Guy
Chinese officials
For each person their own crypto
Any resources for hardware donations to run a full node?
Prevent Shorting Bitcoin - Withdraw from 3rd-Party Custody / avoid earning APY
Is there any freedom for Bitcoin without full privacy?
The new Bitcoin Price in 2021 - Max Keiser
Im scared
I'm wondering whether to buy 1kg gold bar or 1.6 Bitcoin
The 3 phases of BTC adoption - and are we entering phase 4?
Survey Bachelor thesis
Report: Ark Invest Buys Nearly $20 Million Worth Of Bitcoin
Maby 5% of Pfizer stocks now 😄
The Bitcoin car qualified for the front row at this year's INDY500.
Retail business wallet storage
Just Uploaded my First Video on YouTube.
How to invest in Bitcoin?
Is there a calculator for calculating my amount of BTC if the price is on x level?
Crypto’s No Man’s Land
What is the currently prediction?
Bad reasons to buy Bitcoin
How much wealth do I need to start investing in bitcoin today?
Steve van Zutphen, Giver Of TFC on Twitter
Change my view: Bitcoin is building another oligarchy
Changing Tides on Bitcoin
Daily Bitcoin News May 24th, 2021
Famous Boxer Floyd Mayweather To Speak At The World’s Largest Bitcoin (BTC) Conference – AronBoss
DRONE COIN Buy now or never. Limited Coins.
Is it legal for an employer to pay an employee a percentage of their salary in bitcoin?
Elon Musk is a Troy Horse probably the biggest threat to bitcoin
HOT LIA KIM
Why wouldnt Saylor, Musk and north american minors live stream they're meeting for all to see?
Seriously this is like the 6th time this has happened.
Which are the best wallets for under 18s
DogeBear (BEAR)
EToro fine to buy Bitcoin on ?
Overlord Musk
#unfollowElonMusk
Bitcoin Island
uh oh
Sovryn announces a ETH Bridge, allowing users to wrap ETHEREUM and bring it onto BITCOIN! (Layer 2)
Edwin McCain - I'll Be (A Crypto Coin Hodler)
BITCOIN
Are we preparing a '3 million members' party?
Bitcoin uses less energy than banking or gold, researchers say. — Never Edit - Tech, Macro and Bitcoin
Worth watching if you are retail investor
Are we in a bear market ?
I've been using r/buttcoin as a reality check for a while, but they post way too much and are kind of idiots about it. Is there a better reality check sub?
Has anyone heard of btc-finance.org? Or is it a scam?
Bitcoin
I found this website with the max pain of BTC very helpful. Figured it post it here cause it was hard for me to find. Use it if you would like just figured I'd share it.
Bitcoin Network Status Update Tuesday, May 25, 2021
Couldn't Help Myself.......BTFD EVERYDAY🚀🚀🚀
Pi Network | What is a Pi network?
Are there any decent options for buying Bitcoins with credit cards?
Wall Street Veteran Anticipates The Next Big Bitcoin FUD
I like Bitcoin, I don’t like Elon Musk.
How to sell bitcoin as a Will Executor
Why AMC GME and an over leveraged financial system is bullish for bitcoin
Bitcoin Rapid-Fire: Escaping Canada and Living as a Sovereign Individual w/ Francis Pouliot
Any bitcoin card please?
Any professional idea what wallet do I need to store from 1 mil till 30mil worth of crypto, just want the most trusted wallet platform!!
The fight really begins now - we must fight harder !
Stopelon has been launched purely to limit Musk's influence over the volatile market.
Alt Coin Rally signals we are not out of the woods yet, message to new Hodlers
Blockchain transactions without permission??
For newbies getting scammed left and right: NEVER, ever type your seedwords ANYWHERE online, for ANY reason whatsoever.
The world’s best chess players are competing for bitcoin.
5000$ CRYPTO job
Weekly Insights 5/25/2021
Is De-Fi based on a house of cards?
Nearly 97% of Bitcoin's hash rate is now signaling for Taproot
Why Bitcoin Will Go Up Forever - 100X From Here - Michael Saylor
NFTs are the future! I’m new to this but I like the idea…enjoy!
The energy narrative is looking more and more like a power play against Bitcoin
If you’re in bitcoin for gainz alone; you’re here for the wrong reasons. You’ll have better luck daytrading shitcoins on margin. bitcoin is the separation of money and state. It liberates us plebeians from the clutches of the tyrannical monotheistic system we live in.
*Questions* Bitcoin address was changed mid transaction?
Trade Republic offers bitcoin trade now!
Future of Bitcoin
"dead cat bounce" clowns
How much supply and block size increase will Elon's S3X initiative add to Bitcoin?
WIN $200 AMAZON GIFT CARD FREE.
Bybit closing accounts with chinese phone numbers
Another crypto group is meeting to protest Elon Musk in 2 weeks at the Tesla factory. Anyone interested in protesting Elon's market manipulation is welcome to join.
"What flavour of dip would Sir prefer this morning? Flash crash? Liquidity hunt?" - From the horse's mouth, how the big boys take your bitcoin
If a government bans Bitcoin?
Get two free online business with full resale
Bitcoin Ethereum Prices Up as Cryptocurrency Bounces Back From 2 Weeks o...
...
Yesterday I was pleased to host a meeting between @cyberhornets &amp; the leading Bitcoin plebs in North America. The plebs have agreed to form the Bitcoin Meme Council to promote irresponsible meme usage transparency &amp; accelerate Scoffability of billionaire initiatives worldwide.
Lets move forwards
Can BlockFi Be Trusted with Your Bitcoin?
2.67 btc stollen from Trezor T
Anyone remember this?
Bitcoin could reach $250k in four years, says Morgan Creek CEO
2,67 btc Trezor balance full stolen
is this true?
Elon Musk VS Michael Saylor - This Will Happen With Bitcoin 2021
If your portfolio has taken a beating this video may soothe your beleaguered bitcoin beaten brain
I just want everyone to understand how much of a scammer Elon Musk actually is. After this you will never look at him the same way.
Redditors Are Turning to Bitcoin, Not GameStop, Amid Market Volatility
BITCOIN CASH!! :'((
Bitcoin has come a long ways...
“wash sale” rules don’t apply
Bitcoin price falling ensures that fraudulent exchanges collapse, and that the fraudsters are exposed and cornered
I just started reading The Bitcoin Standard
Bitcoin Miner Says 90% Carbon Neutral
Found a shirt company that sells crypto parody shirts for charity! Thought I’d share. I bought the bitcoin one!
Macau casino investor bets on Bitcoin (BTC) amidst a bleak economic outlook
Data analytics giant Palantir now accepts Bitcoin payments
questamerda
PwC Survey: Bitcoin Price Will Hit $100,000 By End Of Year
Just watching ads and withdraw through crypto wallat adress
Launch of Bitcoin ETFs in the U.S. could see further delays!
Is Bitcoin Bad for the Environment?
Revised post on Leonardo Di Caprio fighting a bear
Does anyone use Banxa?
BTC will rally…near term bottom in
Eth
Tesla likely bought its $1.5 billion in bitcoin at about $34,700 a piece. Elon didn't say anything about it
adding environmental sustainability to the bitcoin philosophy
Support scientific research about crypto
Hello everyone. I think you can see what is happening with cryptocurrencies, that bitcoin affects other coins. I suggest you to create your own cryptocurrency that will grow regardless of the market situation. I want to create a REDDIT coin with your help.
Elon Musk can't tell a joke. People are so sensitive Elon Musk can't even share a meme without FUDmongers running with it.
Earn extra cash working online
hi iam korean I want to communicate with you about bitcoin.
I am kind of disappointed at how most are bending the knee to Elon to get him to stop tweeting about btc. Bitcoin was created to free us from centralized actors, be it people or institutions, but some of us are not comfortable unless there is someone or something lording over them I guess...
I am kind of disappointed at how most are bending the knee to Elon to get him to stop tweeting about btc. Bitcoin was created to free us from centralized actors, be it people or institutions, but some of us are not comfortable unless there is someone or something lording over them I guess...
Bitcoin in Britain may have issues because of sex crimes
Bitcoin, The Price is too High!
Bitfinex hacker will need 114 years to launder $7 billion worth of stolen Bitcoin
Tokenized BTC
On the Mining council: As bitcoiners we should be hyper-vigilant about these type of attacks that start off as what seems to be a benign virtue signal.
Leonardo di Caprio explains what happened to Bitcoin in May
Dead cat bounce…
Why is Bitcoin still not recovering?
A death in Cryptoland: The story of Gerald Cotten and QuadrigaCX
Hackernews clone for Bitcoin and Cryptocurrency
END DAY
They got Musk we got The Mooch!
I was almost a 10 million millionaire from BlockFi
HODL thought of the day: Bitcoin is like a Pint of Guinness.
Bitcoin is like a pint of Guinness.
U r here
Why did Satoshi Nakamoto even use an alias?
Interesting video
At least some countries and banks understand .......
You are here!
The Great Wave Coin community is in full swing, open your bsc wallet and enter the dapp link then copy the address pay a little amount of gas fee to receive 50,000 coins
Michael Saylor: "Bitcoin Is The Apex Property Of The Human Race"
Wish I bought some Bitcoin back then.....
There Are More Wild Swings Ahead for Bitcoin
I’m smaht
What’s better for Privacy?
Bank of Canada digital currency would be greener than Bitcoin, deputy says
Someone sent me 50$ to my PayPal to buy bitcoin and send it to them via cashapp.
Funds not deposited for 11 days on Biannce.com
Has anyone heard of or used https://cryptohoursltd.com ?
If your worried about a crypto market collapse WhiteMamba NFTs are a historic holder of value 😉.
Is bitrated (https://www.bitrated.com/) still legitimate?
Oh no........
Buy Candies with Bitcoin
Send 10000 ether to this wallet and I will send you 1 package of kosher hotdogs blessed by elon musk. 0xca26660510285640368503210818eae51c076be4
Spanish Crypto Investors Set to Be Taxed on ‘Overseas’ Holdings
is bitraited still trust worthy?
I'm new to crypto
P2P Exchange
Conspiracy theory. Plus some insight.
Is there a website to see all blockchain info of BTC? Kind of like etherscan.io?
Ideas to bring newcomers into this space?
This is awesome!!!
The value of VNC
send bitcoin
What software or website for taxes do you use when Mining and Staking Crypto currency?
Who Hates Bitcoin and Why? It has made so many average people rich, why the hate.
Iran bans cryptocurrency mining for four months to stave off blackouts
56 million Satoshi club
Billionaire Carl Icahn Explores Crypto Investment of Up to $1.5 Billion
YOU YES
To those in the US who have used ledn.io, are our taxes paid just a regular 1099-DIV?
Surviving China’s Bitcoin Crackdown, Where to Hang Out and Wait: Vince Lanci
How do you hide an alt-coin in the bitcoin main network?
The Case for "Bitcoin Maximalism" (w/Brad Mills and Ash Bennington)
Onlinecheckwriter | Online Check Printing Software
Is Cardano The Future?
YES YOU
Coming from BB directors!!! Bitcoin Winter incoming! Fight for first CBDC
Why is Bitcoin more valuable than any other shit coin?
Gemini verification limbo.
Surreal Digital Currency?
Make Ford America Great again https://shareholder.ford.com/investors/delivering-ford/default.aspx
Helpppppp
hello my friends my name is Ricardo carlone Martinez and I have 0.56 Bitcoin with Credearn $LBA I am a Bitcoin One percenter. HODL diamond hands since 2017. 💖💯📈
What's the safest way to withdraw $100k from my crypto exchange?
Token e blockchain
U.S. Gov Pushes Regulating Bitcoin
Capitulation (The Other One)
Apple getting into crypto 👀
Honest question, anybody know how many Bitcoin core devs work for Blockstream?
Is this how we’re perceived?
Truth
Can Bitcoin be used for sports betting?
How to buy Bitcoin OTC in India?
What are the best 5 Bitcoin Trading Bots?
Greenspan, Bernanke, and Bitcoin
Token e blockchain
Scammer wants me to send 0.35BTC to his node so he can mine 1 bitcoin per month for me from his 10Th/s farm
Bitcoin will witness brutal attacks from the governments in the next days🥶
Any good crypto youtubers?
running scared
Greenspan, Bernanke, and Bitcoin
Ride with bitcoiners
Nebraska Legislature Approves Framework for Digital Asset Banks
Bitcoin and Ethereum prices are stalling near crucial levels, while altcoins are soaring.
This is the newest project of him?
Bitcoin
People ask me why I'm in to Bitcoin....
How to earn free money
How to make money
PayPal To Begin Allowing Bitcoin Withdrawals
What happened on the call between Elon Musk and bitcoin miners
How to Boost Sperm Production Quickly and Effortlessly.
BTC Price Forecast and Long-Term Price Predictions
Restore from wallet.dat
Crypto Energy Usage Compared
Before and after experiencing BTC/CRYPTO
I don’t need a Bitcoin, I’m what a Bitcoin need!!!
Bitcoin traders using up to 100-to-1 leverage are driving the wild swings in cryptocurrencies
A very good summary by Michael Saylor, incl. his chats with Musk (who is more sane than he likes to pretend)
Bitcoin Audible: Read_529 - PART 2: The Inflation/Deflation Debate [Lyn Alden]
Historical Bitcoin Options data
What is the future?
exchange that allows debit card and no id?
So glad that I bought some mo
Real stocks on the broker capital.com
Apple is looking to hire a business development manager with experience in the cryptocurrency industry to lead its “alternative payments” partnership program.
Is it possible to hold bitcoins in China?
Bitcoiner.guide?
I'm a class of 2017 HODLer, Recently relocated to the Rockies. Thought I'd combine my hobbies into a YouTube channel for Bikes and Bitcoin. Enjoy and HODL on!
Taproot activation - Current total: 97.15%, activation very likely within next difficulty period
Got paid, bought more
Carl Icahn Says Crypto ‘Here to Stay,’ Could Invest $1 Billion
There is a lot of gold in space. Elon, When are we discussing the mission to harvest gold from a moving meteorite. Btc is going to change things, let’s level up our space goals.
Bitcoin Theme Song!
Covid-19 Added To The Fed’s Pumping Of The Bitcoin Price
要如何才能发帖?
Pricing in bitcoin
LOOK WINK in September 0,024 🚀🚀🚀
喜币是什么，有人了解吗？
Time to Shake up Bitcoin with RSK-Based New World Utility
Trezor Sales 'Have Gone Through the Roof' Ahead Of Suite Launch
Satoshi Nakamoto and Steve Jobs it's time to tell
Call between Elon Musk and bitcoin miners.
Bitcoin ATMs under 18
Has anyone ordered a miner on Alibaba. I'm kind of leery and don't want to get scammed. Help plz
Neil McCoy Ward - Be Careful! Banks Legally Steal Your Money! (Bail Ins Explained)
Bitcoin Adoption Tipping Point &amp; The Effect on Banks - Andreas Antonopoulos
How do I buy and send bitcoin to another wallet from Hawaii
Bitcoin Mining Companies Eye North America, as China’s Regulations Grow
What do these symbols do (not windows activation code)
Current best wallets and exchanges
Bitcoin bears have a $585 million lead over bulls in Friday's $2.1 billion BTC options expiry
What exchanges and wallets are most popular?
Favourite exchange and wallet
Tales from the Crypt: #256: How to grow a pair with Dave Collum
PayPal Will Enable Bitcoin and Crypto Withdrawals
#ELONSUCKING
PayPal Will Let Customers Withdraw Crypto, Exec Says
Wash-sale regulation doesn't apply to Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies. Tax loophole
Is CoinPlace.Pro a cryptocurrency scam site?
Analysis and results of “buying the dip” using BTC historical price data
Fed, OCC, FDIC in 'sprint' on regulation for crypto
Longtime HODLers, what has been your worst crash so far and how did you handle it?
What does mining mean?
Just got this scam text. Be careful out there.
Total Assets of Major Central Banks
Max pain point in May 2021
Iran has put a moratorium on bitcoin mining until September 2021
Deducting bitcoin node hardware as a charitable contribution?
Bitcoin and India - how do you see this?
get free BTC today with free maining
What happens when I trade crypto …
Enecuum Blockchain, based on Hybrid consensus algorithm, can solve the problem with Mining Power Consumption
Dad got his crypto stolen - You can't protect people from themselves.
Why Bitcoin Incentivizes Sustainability &amp; Environmental Care
Apple x Bitcoin ?
Crypto Group | Earn tons of money without any work and less risks
BITCOIN HOLDERS GET READY FOR APPLE'S ENTRY INTO CRYPTO
We've had one...
What are some good twitter accounts to follow?
Lol
Apple https://youtu.be/3r0wpDZdZ-w
Limit sell
Pimped my living room..
Will Bitcoin Surge to $60K? Crypto recovers after a long period of decline
President of Iran banned Bitcoin Mining, unlicensed mining going on
$ENQ ¿Podría la prueba de actividad resolver el problema energético de Blockchain?
Odds BTC gets to $300k?
I just made $2,322.80 on CashJunky!! and YOU can too! Sign up today for a $50 bonus!
An analysis about bitcoin, expectation of prices drop to $15,000 .
Since when Kevin is investing in Bitcoin?
Can I speak to a mod ?
⚡️Sidecar Channels: For Onboarding A Billion People to Bitcoin, Lightning Is Needed ⚡️
Bitcoin Exchange scam
I just made $2,310.80 on CashJunky!! and YOU can too! Sign up today for a $50 bonus!
/u/thms0 made an announcement today stating that he sold all of it's BTC.
Best you can do now for Crypto
Colorado wants to be first state to accept crypto for taxes - Governor Jared Polis is a long-time supporter of crypto and he was first US politician to accept Bitcoin campaign donations.
I just made $2,304.80 on CashJunky!! and YOU can too! Sign up today for a $50 bonus!
How many people are in bitcoin primarily to make money?
How Wyoming became the promised land for bitcoin investors
Hi, I created NFT nameplates of BTS members from their music video.
Again! Some analysis about bitcoin, expectation of prices to drop to $15,000 .
Miami Mayor Francis Suarez Says Bitcoin Is Crucial For Underserved Communities
This is why we need Bitcoin and the Lightning Network
Holding the Keys to Retirement Bitcoin with KeyKeeper IRA and Unchained Capital
Free Bitcoin
Block a Bitcoin wallet
Bitcoin on DeFi: How the Oldest Coin is Getting in on Crypto's Newest Thing
Apple is looking to strike deals with ‘alternative payments’ providers — CNBC
Coinjoin intermediate wallet
the mining rig:
Apple Gently Hints at Move Into Alternative Payments Sector - BeInCrypto
Carl Icahn, “bitcoin is here to stay “ on bloomberg.
Can we get more Mods in here? I need immediate gratification and your ModBot is a bitch… #bitcoin — Bitcoin mining, Bitcoin enthusiast, satoshi, whale, gold, Elon musk, dildo
[New Project] A Daily Bitcoin Twitter Influencer Dashboard 🚀🚀
Claim and Buy Verity Token
Why don’t any retailers accept Bitcoin?
Colorado Governor Jared Polis wants his state to be the first to accept cryptocurrencies for taxes
PayPal will now allow users to withdraw crypto to their own wallets
Cryptonash
WARNING: Thinking of investing in Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies? BANK ACTUALLY BEING A GOOD GUY
Gov. Jared Polis Wants Colorado to Accept Crypto for State Taxes
PayPal To Add Support For Third-Party Bitcoin Wallet Transfers
Funding deficit is acute in China's blockchain industry
Bitcoin and Surfing
Why don’t any retailers accept Bitcoin?
What's your favorite lightning wallet?
Where was the Bitcoin mined?
This guy locked his Bitcoin away for 3,000 years 😂
Why was the trading volume so high at the 16.02.2021?
Bitcoin Treasure Hunt! A new book is out on Amazon.
Why was the trading volume so high at the 26.02.2012?
ELON AT IT AGAIN!!
What happened on the call between Elon Musk and bitcoin miners
I HAVE TRIED IT AND IT WORKS👇👇👇👇👇👇👇👇
Reddit Forums Swinging Crypto Prices?
FIRST NFT AUCTION „BITCOIN BLING“
ARCA Conference ESG Panel
Does anyone remember this? Elon Musk is such a confusing person— supposedly a businessman and he makes dumb comments like this… not far off from saying “People collectively seem to be using more conditioner than is to be expected 😌”
Polygon (MATIC) Releasing Development Kit For Ethereum-Connected Chains
Is that beef between Roger Ver/bitcoin cash and bitcoin still going on?
apple adopting crypto?
If you sold last week (@55k), Are you buying now or waiting?
Checkeeper alternative | Used by Fortune 500 | onlinecheckwriter.com
Michael Saylor: My Thought About Ethereum | Ethereum Price Prediction 2021
PayPal to Let Users Send Bitcoin Off PayPal
Elon in his office
Bitcoin is like a lotto ticket that never expires unless you sell it.
I made a working Bitcoin miner in vanilla minecraft
Orbital auction first NFT minted using Bitcoin. It used no new energy to mint!
Holy crap turned $2 btc into $300 btc on the crypto casino let's go
There are three convincing signs that the Bitcoin bears have stopped selling the currency.
PayPal to Let Users Send Bitcoin Off PayPal
Y’all got some skin left?
in 2017 1 yr after halving after it stopped its brief 5 day decline like we just had it did about a 15% upcorrection like we just had and then it took 15 days of horizontal movement like we are having now before it started it way up fast from $3000 to $20,000 .
Shooting stars ✨💫🌕
Correct me if I'm wrong
It's been fun but all my bitcoin has been sold
Everyone.....I think I figured out the secret to BTC pricing. It's simply a continuous bordering of the continents.
Shark Tanks Kevin O’Leary, is practically calling for a Bitcoin protocol change. Suggesting premiums on btc wrapped as ‘clean coins’ moving forward. (About 13 mins in)
Food for thought
Guys............I think I figured out the secret to BTC pricing. It's simply a continuous bordering of the continents.
Carl Icahn Studies Crypto, Apple Has A Job For A Crypto Expert + More News
Primary bitcoin mining locale in China sets extreme punishments for cryptographic money exercises.
Traditional system failed
Can I add a 25th word to an already generate 24 word seed?
EXCLUSIVE: A Fascinating Discovery Uncovers Satoshi Nakamoto's Identity
This is crazy...🤑
⚡️Sidecar Channels: For Onboarding A Billion People to Bitcoin, Lightning Is Needed ⚡️
The Psychology of People Who Lose Money With Bitcoin.
MasterCard Inc. Collaborates With Criptan To Launch Crypto Card
Elon Musk Is Wrong Person for Green Bitcoin Mining
UK Bans ‘Time to Buy’ Bitcoin Ads on Buses and Underground for Being Misleading
✔✔Best Successful Strategies to Win The Bitcoin Market !!.💯
Iran Bans Bitcoin Mining Over Power Grid Concerns
A message in support of the father who sold his BTC to save his family and got bashed on here for it.
how to earn bitcoin
The Bitcoin car qualified for the front row of this year's INDY500. For those that don't know, this is the largest single-day sporting event in the world.
Government intervention
How does bitcoin work
Elon is the new Bogdanov
"The Dollar is Hyper-Inflating Against Bitcoin" - Ross Stevens
Ok which one of you sold at peak and bought a new Benz?
Would you suggest to wait till this price point or better buy now?
Shower thought: maybe bitcoin is already 'living' so far into the future ...
Daily Bitcoin News May 25th, 2021
Pretty much the state of Bitcoin described in one picture
My daughter own Bitcoin
Computer age management services share price
Don't agree with this article at all
If not allowed sorry. Just spreading the word while cheap.
Whole Bible for sale 90 on cashapp must have mega app to get files
price increase thanks to Iranians
Cryptocurrency Is Here To Stay: Carl Icahn
Investing
Bitcoin : The case for degrowth.
Otherwise I dont care 😈
When BTC falls and you are newbie
Stop Checking Price Strategies
Bitcoin Network Status Update Wednesday, May 26, 2021
Just doing my part
Let this New Year be the start of the great crypto journey with the leading service - CryptoTab! You download it and mine BTC by just browsing the web. The more you surf the Net, the more BTC you get. CryptoTab offers a lot of features and plug-ins to boost up your earnings!
Iran Bans Bitcoin Mining to Avoid Summer Power Blackouts
Colorado Governor Jared Polis wants his state to be the first to accept cryptocurrencies for taxes...
Bitcoin's evergy use bullshit put to rest
Bitcoin Surges Over $40k After Bitcoin Mining Council Launch
Isn’t it ?
Apple (AAPL) May Be About To Enter the Crypto Sphere if the Company’s Latest Job Vacancy Is Anything To Go By
The Unhashed Podcast: Immatour Elon
What is up with this black coin-----fire,????? paint??? spray can????? toning???? carbon? Ruthenium?
Bitcoin is not about gains, it’s about freedom. (Shout out Jack Mallers and the Strike app)
Follow No Leaders
Bitcoin and manipulation
ogn
Elon Musk just followed Shiba Coin on Twitter?? THIS IS CRAZY
Bitcoin Prediction And Forecast For Next Months
Many people are calling for the Bitcoin bull run to be over... here's my strongest case for why it isn't!
ogn
BTC: All Exchanges Inflow Mean(MA7) extreme activity
Will btc reach 45k soon?
Is There Any Steam Left In The Bitcoin Craze?
Some weird things going on at 40K ?
#OGN Token
cryptoquant BITCOIN: All Exchanges Inflow Mean(MA7) big move?
Therе is а Youtubеr called "Lеon Fаrаdаy" thаt lеаrns еvеrywееk a nеw skill. His rеlatives рassed away when he was 14, hе makеs vidеоs аbоut оwn ехperiеnсe оf mаstering new skills аnd anothеr videos fоr people to keеp motivatiоn to lеarn and try nеw things, bеcause wе havе only one life
Uniswap v3 Now Surpasses the Uniswap v2 and Bitcoin in Volume
SaylorMoon (SMOON) is getting some attention. Up 334% since it was first created on May 25th👀
Guy who's shorting BTC says we should sell BTC asap. 😂
END DAY
GUNS
THINK CRYPTO FX.....PYSYCHIATRY &amp; JOE BIDEN
I just got Hacked (Need Help )
You guys do memes in here?
Matic Polygon cryptocurrency crazy growth, forecast for 2021 Xrp, btc, ethereum, ecomi news
What does this mean @ancorusd
Web3 Builder Points Out Key Reasons Why U.S. SEC Isn’t Approving Bitcoin ETFs
Small Business Owner - How do I accept cryptocurrencies?
There's been an unauthorized charge on my account...
Come check out the stream https://www.twitch.tv/envarg
The Creation of the Petrodollar in 60 Seconds. Bitcoin fixes this.
Tom Brady is a 'buy the dipper'
Selling at a loss for taxes
Bitcoin in the Zoo
Dear Bitcoin, please moon.
Bitcoin in the Zoo
Bitcoin in the Zoo
Value Is A Precursor To Art &amp; Technology
Friend dying. Wants to gift bitcoin to 2 yo and unborn
Bitcoin e-paper realtime price ticker is finally done!
Goldman, Roubini y Novogratz explican cuál es su posición sobre bitcoin y etherThe world appears to be firmly divided into two camps: those who are bullish on cryptocurrencies and those who aren’t.
Fidelity’s Wise Origin Bitcoin Index Fund Surpasses $100m Mark
Can someone explain me about crypto?
Bitcoin Audible: Read_530 - Privacy, Fungibility, Anonymity [nopara73]
A lot has been said about the Bitcoin Mining Council. But is it good or bad for Bitcoin?
Buy Bitcoin Cheap
Bitcoin in the Zoo
Bitcoin in the Zoo
Will btc hit $1m?
China bitcoin: Inner Mongolia reinforces Beijing’s ban on mining with strict rules as more operators prepare to relocate offshore
Thought Experiment: Tax Fork Airdrop Attack Vector
Get 20% discount on every Crypto Purchase
#AOFEX Daily
Bitcoin tried to get closer to $40,000, After Elon Musk said he was talking to miners about energy usage.
Bitcoin is going to be easier to transfer between people on PayPal, this is a big move forward in the crypto world
If BTC is supposed to be ultrasound money and a store of value, why does it matter if the price in USD or other fiat currencies declines?
I have Bitcoin and believe in it, but does anyone else ever feel like they just joined a cult by entering this?
Hope
INVEST AND CHAT WITH INVESTORS
BTC from a macroeconomic perspective
WTF Happened In 1971?? a few charts representation on why economy is so good in the books but in the real world it sucks, guess who's fault it is?
Twitter thread about Bitcoin carbon footprint. Bitcoin could completely vanish and the CO2 emissions would remain the same.
Unpopular Opinion
The Ransomware Problem Is a Bitcoin Problem
Prediction for 18 years?
DeFi, finanças descentralizadas
Cardano Developer Unveils Smart Contracts Platform Rollout Plan
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Time to End US Crypto Tax Declaration ‘Forensic Exercise’ – Expert
Bring in your coins let's trade💯
Crypto Will Change This World
Get to understand what Bitcoin, Blockchain etc. is about. Your step-by-step guide for the future of money E book
Frustrations at the speed of development around Bitcoin
This is the newest project of him?
PayPal users will be able to send bitcoin to third-party wallets
Bitcoin is a Giant Ponzi Scheme (read it first before you ban me)
S8 E10: SeedSigner on DIY Hardware Wallets
P2P trading group chats.
Ark’s Cathie Wood Blames Bitcoin Crash on ‘ESG Movement’ and Elon Musk
The ownership problem
Cryptocurrency has an Elon Musk problem
PLEASE HELP
Bitcoin, Chaos And Order
DeFi, finanças descentralizadas
Is Apple's crypto announcement going to be same as paypal?
Anyone going to the Bitcoin 2021 Conference in Miami next weekend and need a ticket to the sold out After Party? I bought one and unfortunately won’t be able to attend due to work. If anyone is interested, lmk. It’s a great opportunity to rub elbows and network with bigwigs and experts!
Thoughts? Looks like it lines up pretty good. Thought this may bring some smiles.
Proof of stake will not save us
Well Well, I ask about my Coins in a group chat and suddenly I’m a chick magnet
Might have a tip on BTC...
What does options expiring mean?
Vancouver rental platform embraces crypto craze, letting tenants pay with Bitcoin
My brother’s lost Bitcoins
Join our new channel world crypto investment
Elon Musk Reveals Why He’s Backing Dogecoin Over Bitcoin, Ethereum And Others After His Surprise Call For Upgrade ‘Ideas’ Sends Its Price Sharply Higher
Bitcoin taught me….
Good profits
Humanitarian charity idea
Nigerian central bank does a U-turn on Bitcoin ban, saying they now "allow" it
Bitcoin Retests $40,000 as Biden Announces $6 Trillion Budget
No One Can Shut Down Bitcoin, Says Binance CEO CZ
Banning crypto to stop hackers is like banning Canadians to stop Bieber.
Bullish crypto news just keeps coming over the last couple days and the market barely reacts. One silly tweet from Elon and it crashes…. Do better guys… do better
Wojak gains the power of the lambo gods
Sheetz breaks ground with bitcoin payments
What happens to Bitcoin in the event of an EMP?
How to weird out a telegram scammer
Addressing My Retiring Father's Crypto Concerns
research project idea:Model each exchange address as an off and on ramp. model each transaction as a car on the highway with speeds related to the price of the bitcoin . literally display the changing info over time as a highway.
Looking for blockchain developers
How do I buy Bitcoin without id
Bitcoin Startup Plans to Improve Dogecoin
I will do nft prom0tion, bitcoin prom0tion, promote crypto website and nft marketing
0.06 again?
Whats are we going to ?
Looking for Zen Monk Honey Badger Gif
Police bust bitcoin mine in search for cannabis factory https://www.birminghammail.co.uk/black-country/police-bust-huge-bitcoin-mine-20694645
Are we slowly running into Hyperinflation? Would BTC help against it at the current rate of adoption?
✅Trading on Chocolateswap and Pancakeswap. @ $0.0002
Alert!!!
Alert!!
Grill Token $GRILL - Community driven decentralized asset. LIQUIDITY IS LOCKED. Chance to GET IN EARLY
How to hold on to a large amount of Bitcoin without getting robbed, hacked, or kidnapped?
Just a reminder how dirty the big banks around the world are…How a $450 Million Loss Was Hidden From Sight
https://24coinchange.site/ Scam website 24coinchange
Bitcoin Overtakes U.S. Banks Market Cap
My bank is sat blockin... Good thing I have more than one account linked 😃
What is the difference between Michael Saylor and Roger Ver?
What would happen to Crypto prices if all of the governments banned businesses from using it?
Robert Breedlove On What Will Happen To Bitcoin Soon
Experts warn of Dangerous Market Conditions Despite current Market Conditions
How can Bitcoin be used in the future?
Have had a tx pending for over four hours. The miner fee is 21 sats. Is that too low?
Anyone interested in trading HNT miner pre-orders for BTC?
Tales from the Crypt: Rabbit Hole Recap: Bitcoin Week of 2021.05.24
Medallion signatures and DEFI -- the irony.
Prepare for the WORST CRISIS of YOUR LIFETIME - Peter Schiff | It's Going To Get Much WORSE In 2022!
If the whales goal is to shake us smaller fish down, will persistent hodling make em shake even harder?
Data indicates that 76% of Bitcoin investors are still in profit
Question- I'm fresh new to bitcoin and cryptocurrency. I have a question.
When you talk about bitcoin with your friend 😂
Crypto enthusiast John McAfee tweets on life in Spanish jail
Dip Drama: Three Lessons The Bitcoin Dip Can Teach You About Relationships
Bitcoin 🐋 Hope In God ☝🏽😊
BTC Payments in London accepted?
Spotted in the wild
Head and shoulders forming? What do you guys think
BITCOIN DROP PREDICTION | BTC Technical Analysis
Bitcoin is NOT untraceable, but how can I make it hard to trace it?
Sheetz becomes first convenience store chain to accept Bitcoin - We can now buy FUEL for our vehicles using BTC!! Powered by the FLEXA network &amp; AMP tokens - This is following their Consensus 2021 presentation! Another use case in the bag.
Is this a Head and shoulders forming?
CryptoBrowser- Heard of it?
welcome all Win $ 10 Bitcoin Now !! This is a great way to earn $ 10 BTC from every person who registers with your referral code and deposits $ 100 or more. You can start trading cryptocurrencies Click here on this link👇
Bitcoin Cycles and How They've Evolved Over Time
If my money went down in Bitcoin, should I still keep adding money to it?? Would my money that I lost , really be lost??
Bitcoin Should be Part of Your Retirement Plan, Says Scaramucci
Bitcoin is able to absorb selloff
SCAM ADDRESS??
‘Legalize Crypto,’ Urges Ukrainian Cybercrime Chief
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Texas pass bitcoin bill
Metro-Detroit Bitcoin ATM
The end of the Dollar as world reserve currency
In a bear market / crypto crash, everything moves like bitcoin
Anyone who does know about BTC Taproot here is a great link to help you understand the BTC upgrades that will be happening when Taproot gets locked in. Stay informed and educated on your Investments.
Could not travel to bitcoin conference 2021
Bitcoin Options Market Faces Smallest Expiry of Year – But It Could Still Drive Volatility "Max pain" for the May expiry is $50,000.
Artery-network
Hard Forks, Airdrops, and the IRS screwing us.
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Zero gas Fee Blockchain with Private Block Transactions
BTC Sessions On YouTube, Content Creation And Bitcoin 2021
New clothing brand
This what inflation looks like! HODL 🟠
I decided to try trading.
Is It Just Me? - Market manipulation
This what inflation look like! HODL 🟠
Friend has turned incredibly toxic after this bitcoin crash
To those of you speculating about the recent Apple job posting...
Open for business transaction
REPORT: It seems to me that Bitcoin has succeeded in crossing the line from being a highly speculative idea that could well not be around in short order, to probably being around and probably having some value in the future
:(
Open for business transaction.
Did you know that about AAX birthday ?! In honor of this day, there will be cool offers from AAX! Do not miss!
All week
Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/Miltaiye and use my username (Miltaiye) as your invitation code.
Multibit Recovery
Look Please
Seek and you will find
GB 9+ GOLD | How It's Made "a metric-ton of ore yields 6.5g of gold"
What time of day do Bitcoin options expire?
Wow guys, this is an incredible start! In the first 24 hours SAFEHUMSTERS did 12,000%!!! First place in the ranking of dextools! 15 million market cap! Coinmarketcap listing! Next is coingecko listing and CEX! #safehamsterarmy, you are the best! Our time has come!
Get your money in Bitcoin NOW because inflation is real, first it was selling bags of chips for the same price with only half the chips in it. Now for the same price, you literally get only half a toy. It's in your face people.
This guy talk about the Pi indicator prior to the current dip; now he talks about a potential death cross. What are your thoughts on this?
Wyckoff Analysis of the past few weeks, by a noob
How I Retired Early with Bitcoin
Iran Bans Bitcoin Mining
Have you heard the news of Carl Icahn buying 1. 5 billion dollars of bitcoin? Could this help bitcoin to go up and leave this dip situation?
Iran bans Bitcoin Mining
Sheetz Becomes First Convenience Store Chain to Accept Bitcoin
Hello everyone,i just want to know if any of you have ever used this bitcoin trading platform”CRYPTOVIDATRADING” and their account manager Rabinovitch Charlotte?If so ,kindly provide your input here.Legit or scam?
just joined crypto currency and really need help
We are all George.
thoughts on btc help me please
Gemini
Reminder: You’re early
Waiting for your crypto.com card? Read this!!!
Just saw a GBTC ad on CNBC
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 Get on start for FREE 5$ Just download it and make money in few seconds !!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Invite your friends to join CryptoTab and win up to $3000! 👍👍 👍👍
Play rollercoin and earn BTC, ETH and Doge || join here &gt;&gt;&gt;&gt;
Satoshi = 1,20 Dollar
Difference Between Bitcoin vs. Altcoins and Facebook vs. Myspace
Just saw a GBTC ad on CNBC
Elon Musk not right person to lead green Bitcoin debate, Nic Carter says
Think - whales start dead cat bounce theory on social with social gurus. Why? Cause they know $30k is hard Support. What do they want - for minnows to sell between $30k and $40k to make that area the next major level of support. Whales will diamond hand it. Selling right into whales hands?
What happens when 21m max supply of BTC is circulating?
Who’s loading up before the Miami Bitcoin Conference next week. Tony Hawk will be there, if that doesn’t convince you to buy more idk what will.
trust wallet airdrop || xcell finance airdrop || free airdrop
6trillion problems but BTC! aint 1
21M Bitcoin / 195 Countries = 107,692 BTC
Cathie Wood says we are in capitulation mode
My New Node
Video: Subprime Corporate Debt is Being Created at Record Levels
How this software make crypto mining easy.
For Crypto Community Manager
HakunaMatata $TATA Coin – NO WORRIES
Nigerian central bank does a U-turn on Bitcoin ban, saying they now “allow” it
Silly Alt Coin Maxis
Daily Bitcoin News May 26th, 2021
Ripple XRP does the impossible! an important breakthrough has occurred! When to Buy XRP Cryptocurren
Depositing to bitmart.
Do you like Bitcoin yes or no ???
Finally Michael Saylor My Update About The Bitcoin Crash
When will shorts my shorts expire
If i short bitcoin today will they expire tomorrow?
1 BTC Coiner via GBTC
Cathie Wood Thinks Bitcoin Could Reach $500,000. Is She Right? | The Motley Fool
This will make the world a better place...
Bitcoin Retests $40,000 as Biden Announces $6 Trillion Budget
This is how banks will start invest in bitcoin
Nigerian Central Bank Does A U-Turn On Bitcoin Ban, Saying They Now “Allow” It😁
Become Billionnaire Like Me
Bitcoin Magazine: Bitcoin News, Articles, Charts, and Guides
DAE get these discord messages?
What's bitcoin ?
How to safely transfer BTC from a paper wallet back to my exchange?
What's BitCoin, DogeCoin and Crypto ?
Buying a house with Bitcoin
The Ultimate Guide to using a Bitcoin Escrow Service
Bitcoin Futures Expiration 8 UTC (MaX Pain)
Bitcoin VS Gold | animated comparison using commonly held monetary traits
Large investors bought bitcoin for $3 billion during the price collapse
Texas Law Creates Legal Clarity For Bitcoin
Matic polygon
Bitcoin is the future (Firsthand look)
$NFT Stonk$
Buy
News
फिल्म के सुपरस्टार अभिनेता संजय दत्त को यूएई गोल्डन का वीजा मिला हैThe film's superstar actor Sanjay Dutt has got a visa for UAE Golden,
Buying psychoactive cannabinoids with bitcoin the legal way :-P
Question about Chinese mining
pencebit.com - SCAM EXCHANGE! - Do not enter your details!
JP Morgan: What Has Been Going On With Cryptocurrencies?
Why does bitcoin always decline in the U.S. daytime? It accumulates some power of growth at night but the rise always vapourised the next day. Weird pattern.
Rollbit: Best betting site for crypto and VPN friendly!
Private Internet Access Gateway With Port Forwarding / DNS concerns for Bitcoin Node Usability Verification
Coinbase Launches "Fact Check" to Combat Bitcoin Misinformation
Serious question about the Lightning Network and it's effects on Bitcoin.
This is what happens when the price drops. The Whales come in and scoop Bitcoin up.
Stolen funds?
Can someone send me one bitcoin
Thought this was funny!
Let’s go back to our nations roots. Money of the people, by the people, for the people
Serious question about Lightning Network and it's deterrent effect on Bitcoin.
Recent Sovereignty Concerns with Bitcoin
If I can watch my $300 GME purchase go to $40, I can survive a measly 55% drop in bitcoin.
"Juan O Savin: May Update" with Rachel Hamm
Bitcoin Core does not synchronize
Standardized Wallet DNS Records instead of QR codes?
Please don’t delete, important to know! r/btc, legendary advocates of freedom and ant censorship but when I shared news about legit project that I like and some BCH maxi attacked me without any research, I got banned. So much for anti-censorship.
Fast and Furious 9 (2021) - Latest Movie Free Download
Introduced : Redmi Note 10 Pro 5G with Dimension 1100, 5000mAh battery - Know More
10th June - “The Second Oldest Zoological Garden in the World”
The Twinkle Twins can sukadic
This is the newest project of him?
Why bitcoin adoption and influx and outflux of buyers and sellers is predictable.. Its like traffic flows on a highway on friday night.
How are you guys and how’s trade going during the dips ??
Can I write bitcoin
Bitcoin Network Status Update Thursday, May 27, 2021
What exchange has the best wire transfer experience for you?
Crypto and gold royalties;
Bitcoin Struggle
More real than astrology
Only a Bitcoin Price Crash Can Really Tell You Where You Stand in the Revolution. Use this episode to grow.
The Economist Intelligence recent report shows Guidelines and lack of awareness are the barriers to Bitcoin. Those in the survey agree that the case for digital currencies and assets using cryptocurrencies is significantly more compelling due to the Covid-19 pandemic.
Bitcoin May Manage to Break Above $42,000 Before $2.1 Billion Options Expiry
10 People who got rich from Cryptocurrencies and reached millionaires
Tomorrow possibly the Bitcoin is going to crash.
$40 in free BTC for crypto holders! Please read my how to!
We're all Friends on Satoshami Street. Can you tell us how to get, how to get to the Moon?
This is how Portuguese media does graphs about Bitcoin value over time... This is just bad journalism.. They even disregard the scale ffs...
If you don't see it, you're either blind or a pessimist.
Knowledge of Crypto on the Rise, Encouraging Investment - Survey
Bitcoin Vault | Top 10 $BTCV facts | Radek Popiel, CCO, BTCV [ AMA session ]
Im a lion not a wolf ! Im a lion not a wolf ! Im a lion not a wolf !
Carl Icahn says he may invest over $1 billion into crypto currency
Mark Cuban made a $1M bet on Bitcoin to beat the S&amp;P 500 over the next decade.... here's my analysis of whether or not he'll win!
Stop the fud
Bitcoin surpasses God (in Google search interest) during bull runs and price peaks—you might want to add the "Godly Support Line" to your list of trading metrics ;)
This video explains what resources you can use to start getting into crypto currency. What I use, what I look for and some breakdowns of how to use certain websites. There is a small window in the next few years to make some serious gains in the crypto market.
The Elites Plan
Complete Graph Vs Mesh Networks (Serious Debate)
Crypto ETFs
The one CSW debate to end them all
Is the Attack on Bitcoin Energy Usage a Sign of Privilege?
Michael Saylor Puts an End to Bitcoin Energy Consumption Fears
Billionaire investor Carl Icahn is eyeing a potential $1.5 BILLION dollar investment in bitcoin
Ohhhh That’s Cold😬😂
Recover Bitcoin account
END DAY
Anticipation this weekend
Former Regulators Moving Into Crypto: South Korea vs US
Atomars scam. If you have lost money on this exchange please enter. Important.
The Bitcoin Truth
Cryoto religion
Hi everyone! Can anyone please tell me from where can I get all the basic understanding of crypto? Thank you in advance!
British cops raid illegal Bitcoin mining operation instead of a cannabis farm
How far do you think it will dip?
Please critique: My bullish case for Bitcoin!
सोनू सूद को आ रहे इतने कॉल कि उनका दूध वाला भी हो गया परेशान,Sonu Sood is getting so many calls that even his milk person gets upset ,
How does owning one Bitcoin work If the price constantly changes?
Craig Wright did you get greedy? Call me... -Satoshi.
Edward Snowden: $6 Trillion Stimulus? Good For Bitcoin
My mom just asked me to help her but Bitcoin !!
82k users here now? (I usually around 10k).
Hey, I’m 17 years old
I need to be educated more on whether Bitcoin is meant to be a speculative asset or a currency or both
Phishing has gone to a new whole level.
Literally going to kill myself if I don’t get fucking money. Cant live poor anymore.
Saif-ul-Malook
Youtuber who saw the bitcoin high 20 days in advance new u´date:
BATM Business question.
CNN think BTC is tumbling
Please stop giving generic/useless trading advice
Once Taproot locks in, what new developments are you looking forward to most of all?
"Will (insert shitcoin here) flip bitcoin?"
Bitcoin self directed IRAs
This is the newest project of him?
I have $10k in btc. I am thinking of borrowing against it for cloud mining. Thoughts?
I am Bitcoin and I live in Iran I am alive thanks to God Ali Susani P2²
Can someone explain to me what Bitcoin is in simple terms? For someone who has no idea how it works.
Free crytop mining ⚒ at stormgain use my link for 3 USDT. Withdraw at 10USDT
Raise your hand if your house sounds like a freight train......here’s to the small time BTC miners coming correct and doing our part to maintain the decentralized network. Let’s go BTC community!!
How many people are waiting to buy in more after a dip?
Seeking Recommendations: SDIRA (Self-Drected IRA) with Stocks + Bonds + Crypto
Missed the dip.. if the price dips below $34k again I’m going all in!
'I lost millions through cryptocurrency addiction'
Bitcoin stuck for 15 hours and counting
Bitcoin
How to dive into the lightning network?
Trap Door at 30k🕳
I sell house in Marbella for btc
Stay strong young-bloods
Nexo de causalidade
Let me introduce you to post-quantum TIDE coin mining!
Why should i invest in Bitcoin?
what the hell !!
Billionaire Carl Icahn Eyeing $1.5 bn Investment In Bitcoin
Sustainables Coin.!
Beginning swing/day trading. Most cost effective way?
Need to break out of this downtrend. Trying hard.
Remember, it's not about today's profitablity. It's about tomorrow's.
PLease BEWARE of this SCAM.She ran away with my 2k dollars...
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
It’s happening. The SEC is charging 5 people for promoting a global unregistered digital asset securities offering that raised over $2 billion from retail investors. I’d say the name but don’t want to be banned
Dumb question : is there any Mining hardware, say like a USB miner or something like that I can buy for $30 or less?
SEC Sues Five People Over BitConnect Lending Program
This week, it looks like a repeat of last week. In this vblog, I discuss my plan for an additional 55% retracement (or temporary pullback).
Nexo de causalidade
Billionaire ETH Founder Charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault
Canadian company is now letting tenants pay their rent in Bitcoin - Vancouver-based startup rental platform liv.rent has given users the ability to pay their rent with Bitcoin and the landlord will receive the payment in CAD.
Installez le navigateur CryptoTab et commencez à gagner de l'argent supplémentaire pour l'utiliser. Tant que vous regardez YouTube, lisez des nouvelles et utilisez les réseaux sociaux exactement comme vous le faites quotidiennement, vous obtenez de vrais Bitcoins.
Anyone know anyone that turned into multi millionares because of bitcoin?
PSA: Watch out for people posting sob stories about selling their crypto
Zoomer loves fortnite
GROUP
TechCrunch Founder to Sell His Crypto-Bought Kyiv Flat – as an NFT
Electrum Personal Server 0.2.2 - Connect your Electrum wallet to your own full node
GROUP
Billionaire Elon Musk Corrupt Practices Exposed by a deep web Whistleblower
This is since 1 year. The dip will settle at the median range in my opinion.
!BTC will never fail
Buy shelter coin it just dropped today 0xc3ea844a150d8d40fc2411973a4a23d010c7ab0b
Who’s behind bit coin mining
There is NOTHING NATURAL in this Bitcoin Dump!
The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on Friday said it has charged five individuals for promoting a global unregistered digital asset securities offering that raised over $2 billion from retail investors.
Joe Biden’s 2022 Budget Included Cryptocurrency Regulations – AronBoss
Our only hope right now.
Is it widely understood that these subreddits (re:crypto) are essentially run by fake accounts?
*"true savagery is created by the government as governments have no moral and no ideology, it uses the scariest thing to be ever exploited, the collective will."*
PayPal Banks On Bitcoin Wallet Transfers
Coming out to my parents as a bear
HODL
Billionaire Elon Musk Exposed by a Whistleblower
How long does it take to process a payment in bitcoins?
You wanted the DIP? Here is one for you! All Weekend Sale has started!
Due for a bear trap
The Incredible Rise of Bitcoin. All time BTC price chart shown in 63 seconds. Background inspired by Edvard Munch.
How long does it take to process a payment in bitcoins?
Interesting Video
It's my birthday today 😁
The rally the correction and the rebound
I Don’t Trust Any of These Types or Companies and here’s a Prime Example of Why
CNBC's Fast Money on Twitter
That’s it boys, BTC is going to zero, it was nice meeting you’ll 😚
Jack Dorsey’s Pointless Case That Bitcoin Can Be Green
Make free money with pi
PSA, if you're clicking on and sharing bitcoin fud articles, you're part of the problem.
All in one money making solution, turn your time into money
Someone help explain something to me
Why the energy FUD actually isn't FUD
Billionaire Elon Musk Charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault
pump
Bitcoin &lt;&gt; Monero atomic swaps now live on mainnet!
Starting from 2023 all crypto transactions in Germany have to be reported by sender and receiver to financial institutions including name, address and transaction reason
Spooky
Found this screenshot from March 16th 2020. We've come a long way, and our current dip is nothing! HODL, friends!
Old soap: China has banned Bitcoin 5 times since 2013
What happened on the call between Elon Musk and bitcoin miners
How To Profit From The 2021 Cryptocurrency Bullrun, Potentially Turn $1000 Bets Into As Much As $271,244 and Know When To Sell Before The Next CRASH...
Government
Bitcoin is unlikely to completely replace the current financial system, according to Coin Center's director
Massive bitcoin mine discovered in UK after police raid suspected cannabis farm
US Convenience Store Chain Sheetz to Accept Cryptocurrencies for Payments – The firm would be accepting digital currencies like bitcoin, ether, and dogecoin for payments.
Bitcoin Mining and the Case for More Energy - a fascinating article on Bitcoin's role in ushering humanity up the Kardashev scale
45+ websites where you can pay with Bitcoin
As Bitcoin's price declines to $35K, bearish warnings grow louder, and traders disregard the plunge
Gonna give it simple to ya guys
A massive cannabis farm raided by UK police turned out to be a bitcoin mine - Police suspected was a cannabis farm, they instead discovered a cryptocurrency mine that was stealing thousands of pounds worth of electricity from the main supply.
Opinion: Bitcoin holders have no choice but to trust in Chinese crypto miners
time to buy or hold?
Jim Rickards Believes 99% Will Lose Everything
Proof of Stake Superior?!
What Ray Dalio Actually Just Said About Bitcoin
do I go in now to take advantage
do I go into bitcoin now? bit of starter want to take advantage of the drop?
Stop asking for people to hold your hand through this price volatility.
Transaction fees
Can someone explain why the market follows BTC so much? Is that how markets work? Idk..
Adding eth and xmr to btcpay
Michael Saylor just put together a great resource for Bitcoin education. Check it out.
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind. Lets help make this great future a reality. Don't mind the FUD, only invest in what you can be without for atleat a couple of months to a year. Remember the future, Bitcoin on the moon.
dogeegege
Tales from the Crypt: #257: Infusing bitcoin into gaming, the Lightning Network, and Bitcoin 2021 with Desiree Dickerson, Christian Moss, and Michael Tidwell
Can anyone tell me why there is such a big difference in the price from one platform to another example Coinbase/crypto.com
To the moon
I could watch this shit all day, its so interesting. It is especially interesting since a mini bull run as started, maybe this will run over to all the other time duration cycles snd the next bull run can start on the daily.
Bitcoin on Smart Contract !!!! Went from .08 to $9 . Join (Not financial Advice)
Rob Kientz says Bitcoin is Done, Silver To The Moon !!!
My shop, Men's Groom Room Barber Lounge in Lake Mary, FL, is now accepting these cryptocurrencies!
Lifo vs Fifo
What do you you guys think of Jamie Dimon CEO of JPMorgan views on avoiding Bitcoin?
These guys got it. Finally.
Where to invest to be some kind of whale??????
5 btc will get you 19.9btc its risky though only come if you can afford to take the risk
Bitcoin crash.
This is why you can’t take China seriously when it comes to their stupid pick and choose banning methods. Go Bitcoin!!! ➡️ China's censors cut some new friends from the "Friends" reunion — CBS News
Suggestion plsssssssss
Max Keiser Calls Elon Musk an ego driven Baby LMAOO
a conspiracy theory about bitcoin
Best app to buy cryto in Canada??
NEW NFT Desapego x Equilibrio #Namaste 🖖🧘‍♂️⚡ #NFT #cryptoart #mindfulness #universe #cosmos #estoico #abundancia #energia #health #cabala #kabala #transcendence #kundalini #tetragrammaton #hooponopono #mantra #yoga #budha #meditateeveryday #numerologia #newwave #reflexaododia #art #visionary
The Pleb Mining Council launches to support small miners.
Tesla Is Facing Fraud Charges Over Elon Musk Statements
Please be cautious. Please do not take a loan to buy Bitcoin. Please only invest what you can afford to lose. Please warn the noobs.
To build an early adoption program
For the long term, perhaps? When Bitcoin's value plummeted, institutions remained stead fast
Making money on a 1% spread?
Can Bitcoin become a reason for a new economic crisis?
THE TRUTH BEHIND THE BITCOIN PLUNGE
Confirmed: Bitcoin just taking a pit stop and refueling.
4 year student hypothesis.
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
So what?
PAMP IT
Bitcoin Mining Difficulty Set For Sharp Drop This Weekend
Bitcoin holders who are losing money - do you intend to keep holding until Dec?
Found my bitcoin wallet passphrase from early 2009-2012 era. Haven't had my wallet since then. Can the passphrase be used to recover the wallet?
coinbase is more secure than your phone
M1 money supply update: They printed another $237,900,000,000 united states dollars OR 1.27% increase in money supply over the PAST MONTH
The jig is up
Can I get a second opinion?
So... anyone else still buying? So much fear of Bitcoin dropping to $20k.
This sub reached 3 millions member. In this "crash" it may means people think about investing while it's low. Also some people may join to watch Bitcoiners suffer in this dip and they feel better about it. Yes there are these kind of people on earth. Either way its adoption. Negative or positive :)
Mad Respect For This Goon
Recovering Old Wallet from wallet.aes.json file
Depositing to bitmart.
Money, Monetary Policy, and Bitcoin | Ray Dalio at Consensus 2021
Initiated transfer of Bitcoin from Kraken to cold wallet two days ago and still waiting for coins to arrive…should I be concerned?
People should stop writing negative news pieces off as FUD, and accept the reality of the current market
China cracks down on Bitcoin mining, Hong Kong sets to ban retail crypto trading
It happens
What are the paperhands doing this weekend?
Kubler-Ross Grief Cycle
Head of Guggenheim, Scott Minerd: "Crypto investors be warned: be prepared for a volatile holiday weekend."
Whistleblower Reveals Elon Musk’s Future plans for the coming years
Head of Guggenheim, Scott Minerd: "Crypto investors be warned: be prepared for a volatile holiday weekend."
Investment still on going💯 Keep trading with accuratefx my good clients
So apparently, Bitcoin has been mining blocks for over 600 years 🤔
CryptoTap
If the price of btc rises to $1M will the energy consumption rise proportionally too?
Buying Bitcoin under 18
cryptofiends need no safety net
Investment still on going💯 profits given 10times capital
Police raided a suspected cannabis farm, only to find an illegal bitcoin mining operation.
Nashville Couple Sues IRS, Claim Bitcoin Mining &amp; Staking Not Taxable😁
Bitcoin Futures Expiration 8 UTC (MaX Pain)
https://www.bnnbloomberg.ca/cathie-wood-says-bitcoin-impossible-for-officials-to-shut-down-1.1609603
Looking to get started. Anyone willing to donate?
Go go go, holders!
If You Want More Crypto Buyer Traffic!
Looking to get started
Only invest what you can afford to lose
#GETTHEBITCOIN
Dear California, Thanks for giving me $600 today to buy the Dip, PS Fuck You Gavin
#botcoinwithcryptotab
Raoul Pal Update - Why I Buy Ethereum more than Bitcoin | Bitcoin And Ethereum Price Prediction
Am I screwing myself with fees?
[deadphone] 1 bitcoin for a gram
Im 23% in minus, what should I do?
Central Banks can print money to buy bitcoin
Major U.S. Convenience Store Chain Sheetz Now Accepts Bitcoin
Whistleblower Reveals Elon Musk’s future plans for the coming years
We could reach $400k this cycle
The top 1% wants to move the market, let's show them our diamond hands
Michael Slayer tackling energy FUD : #Bitcoin recycles .25% of the world's wasted energy to create prosperity &amp; freedom.
Bitcoin recycles .25% of the world's wasted energy to create prosperity &amp; freedom.
What exchange has the best wire transfer experience for you?
Cathie Wood: ESG, Musk Hurt Market But Bitcoin ‘Impossible To Shut Down’
Me Using Wyckoff to Profit!
This is the newest project of him?
How I ended up taking the red pill.
It wasn't like this back in 2017.
Best 2 crypto to buy now 👀👀
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
Network Marketing Fraud | Watch This Before Joining MLM | Case Study On ...
does anyone know of a good python api for historical bitcoin data such as price, transaction value, hash rate? looking for all of this on a daily level.
To all the gamers | Explore what fantasy league in the future will look like | Fabwelt NFT | Ask your questions and check out our bounty token program on our website
Leeked image from inside the bitcoin mining council (Meme)
Bitcoin Private Key
An overdue reminder of what can happen when you go to the Moon. Neil deGrasse Tyson
the premier casino and sportsbook accepting Bitcoin and numerous other cryptocurrency deposits and withdrawals quickly!
Bitcoin Enters Growth Phase of S-Curve
Monkeys and Bitcoin
I can only see bullish talks here when it is actually bearish
Decentraland Users Will Have More Power With New DAO
Jamie Dimon, Chief Executive Officer of JPMorgan Chase, is still skeptical of Bitcoin and encourages individuals to avoid the crypto market.
Bitcoin Network Status Update Friday, May 28, 2021
Maybe Bitcoin has some problems but energy consumption is not one of them - Let’s stop the energy FUD
The Bitcoin 2021 conference is giving away a free Lambo to one attendee while in Miami!
Bitcoin payments are now accepted at an American convenience shop chain
Super bullish for bitcoin - Live Updates: Biden’s Budget Proposal Calls for $6 Trillion in Spending
Join me on webull if you haven't already
Is this real or not?
Big uff
Why i think btc might fail, at least for mainstream use.
UK Police Raid Suspected Cannabis Factory, Find Bitcoin Mining Operation lol
From what number of BTC is an investor considered a whale?
Not that important but do it if you want.
About $2.1 Billion in Bitcoin Options Expired Today
How’s the time to buy!!
Crypto historical overview of May: Bitcoin ATM day (May 2nd, 2013), Pizza day (May 22nd, 2010), NY Disagreement day (May 23rd, 2017) and Craig Wright is a Fraud day (May 25th, 2020). Do you remember anyone else?
Just bought these in a German supermarket. What’s up with the ₿ in the Brands Name, anyone know?
Richie rich
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
One After Another, Each Billionaire Will Eventually Endorse Bitcoin. This Time, It’s Carl Icahn. The success of Bitcoin is inevitable.
Coinbase wallet
The Risks of Leverage in Bitcoin - Willy Woo
Damn Gina (I mean Bitcoin) 🧘🤷🤦🤑thousands pounds of electricity 🔌😆
[Hiring] Telegram Moderators (English speaking, enthusiastic about crypto)
Looking for a Bitcoin Conference Ticket
Bitcoin could still fall to $20K, but data shows that holding is still a winning strategy
Edward Snowden on Twitter: “Six trillion dollars? This is good for Bitcoin.”
I bought 2 bitcoins at 49 k, im new to investing but i took a chance , im not too worried but im optimistic about june and so forth, i think more and more people see crypto as the future and i hope we all come to the end goal being crypto as the global currency
Bitcoin community !
Bitcoin momentarily falls underneath $36,000 as digital forms of money slip by and by
Bitcoin Questions
What's REALLY behind this dip... (not china or elon)
Want to get nice interest while hodling?
How much in BITCOIN does George have ? I think by the age of 70 we can all relate...
Riot Blockchain’s Ceo "I’m A Believer In The Long-term Utility Of Bitcoin (BTC)"
Cathie Wood: ESG, Musk Hurt Market yet Bitcoin 'difficult to close down'
A trade expert acquires paying little mind to advertise variances, I began using Levi Lucas technical analysis since June last year , and he shared his crypto strategies and assisted me with good trading signals and now the benefit rate is outstanding.His Telegram channel @levilucas101
Bag holder SOS
Candidate blocks help
POS for Bitcoin ?
The governor of the Bank of Japan has slammed Bitcoin, calling it a speculative asset
Crypto Brief - May 28th 2021 | Christophe Barraud
Corona Coin cryptocurrency
MKD(Mankind Token )，go.go.go. buy in pancakeswap/。 0x073961a0754a78d418a0dd84dbee638bf28a2c2d use BNB
Metals boss says "crypto will cause next financial crises" . It's Afraid
How times have changed.
Evento Online
Chia In Spotlight Amid Global Hard Disc Shortage
NatWest promoting bitcoin on their banking app
Max Keiser's ENTIRE appearance on 'The Wolf of All Streets' podcast segmented into short, topic-specific clips with his best quotes. Max discusses: Nassim Taleb, Elon, the looming hyperinflationary collapse, why Bitcoin will cut carbon emissions in HALF, and more...
The governor of Japan's central bank has doubts about Bitcoin
Crypto news about DubaiCoin
Billionaire Elon Musk Charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault
Breaking Down Elon Musk’s Misunderstandings About Bitcoin
How to get someone to believe in Bitcoin even though they can't physically hold it with their hands?
How to purchase bitcoin? Im familiar with wallets from mining altcoin and used cashapp to pump and dump btc, but Im interested in the best sites to use to buy btc, store it to software or hardware wallet and where and how much could I sell at a time?
guess this has alredy been posted but;
BTC - Tether relationship?
Thoughts on Bitcoin and Crypto FUD
Why You Should Invest In Ethereum!!
Bitcoin Empowers Black People
Can you explain me how the Fuck u think this will get to the 50’s in the inc weeks? 🤣 20k here we go 😜
People complaining that they should not have told their friends and family about Bitcoin because now they blame you for the price
Bitcoin’s Eternal Struggle
END DAY
Gambled my btc and
Recover 10 year old wallet and also claim Bitcoin Cash?
Cops Stumble on Bitcoin Mine in Hunt for U.K. Cannabis Farm
USD is a shitcoin but,...
Can I turn BTC or other coins into usd and put onto my bank card with crypto.com?
Can I turn my btc or other coins into usd and put it onto my bank card with Crypto.com?
Sunday at kakar house | Sukriti Kakar, prakriti kakar, akriti kakar and ...
An ad for Bitcoin was banned in the UK
If China is smart, it could dethrone us dollar as world reserve if they adopt bitcoin first.
Remember: everyday price movements will drive you crazy, look at the big picture
Be ready for Tomorrow or Monday
Bitcoin question
Man driving 1990s toyota camry has investment advice for us (dollar cost avg, keep stacking sats)
FUD=Federal Unemployment Declines
Thrats
Why is Bitcoin the best cryptocurrency?
Resistance levels?! WTF
PAX GOLD AIRDROP
Steve Jobs Statue In Budapest To Get A New Neighbor - Satoshi Nakamoto
China’s state-run media slams Bitcoin trading, calls for stricter supervision
No thanks, I’m cool!
Been watching and studying BTC's trends mathatically for a long time and...
Is the Stock-to-Flow Model Invalidated?
Does anyone actually think these companies purchased all this Bitcoin for the type of profit we saw? $2.8 BILLION was purchased from paper hands this crash. If you short BTC be careful what price you choose cause one day you will be left in the dust. 🙏🙌
This is the newest project of him?
Pancakeswap
Semiconductor Scams and Bitcoin.
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
PayPal allows to withdraw Bitcoin and Crypto to External Wallets
The Bitcoin Car
Please show me your important support
Is Blockchain a good wallet?
Confessions of a bitcoin newcomer
Using POW &amp; salt to reduce 12 to 24 seed words to 2 words
Crypto Whales Just Bought $2,850,000,000 in Bitcoin, According to Chainalysis - So last week was challenging for everyone in crypto and some investors incurred large losses. Bitcoin is trading at $37,000, giving the whales’ huge purchase a value of around $2.85 billion. (See link - paper hands sold)
Thanks for joining
Bitcoin blockchain fractal
Join our telegram group
Anyone got any stats on crypto on Venmo?
Pandemia e smart cities
BitCoin has only returned 17% since Dec 2017
The Bitcoin Chess Game
Either: everything we believe about the halving &amp; bitcoin price cycles is completely wrong, or the bull run is not over.
Some of the criticism of bitcoin is completely valid
When is it coming back? 📈
My first $100 in BTC seems like a good dip.
Today's volume is very light
Hold Shiba inu and Earn #STK Stakeprotocal, watch this video subscribe my channel and follow on Twitter, join telegram channel, all link in video description,
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
HODL ON FOR DEAR LIFE!
Any advice to a beginner?
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Tipping challenge for my first car 😂
Sorry
TOGETHER LAUNCH
MartianSwap
Best Cryptocurrencies to invest in 2021
Please🧐Watch My F*U**** Video, it's Awesome
new bsc moonshot
Cant see bitcoin in wallet
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
I have extra spare pc parts, is it worth it to mine
I love it
Pandemia e smart cities
Holding is winning
Living with a Crypto addiction
Crypto addiction?
DCA Frequency?
Testing Seed Recovery: Coldcard + Wasabi
Sale Now On.
Bitcoin Explained in 60 seconds for newcomers
PSA: Mining Difficulty DROPPING 16% in a few hours. Good time to move coin and open Lightning Network channels
The Next 24 hours will be Critical for Bitcoin.
The Next 24 hours will be Critical for Bitcoin.
This is the newest project of him?
Question about selling large sums of Bitcoin
Hi Folks! noob here
What If crypto got banned?
💥 Best way to earn FREE bitcoin from your mobile FREE get your bonus now 🚀🚀🚀https://cryptotabbrowser.com/23788136
#BITCOIN Recycle 25% of the world’s wasted energy to create prosperity &amp; freedom. 🚀🚀🚀
Bitcoin Takeover Radio #3: Music-Only Edition for the Weekend
Thoughts on Bitcoin being adopted by central financial institutions?!? Will it stabilize the coin? Limiting the extreme upside but also raising the bottom? Am I thinking correctly? Please school me on this
#BITCOIN Recycle 25% of the world’s wasted energy to create prosperity &amp; freedom
Bitcoin’s outlook
Down 10% In One Day, Ethereum Exchange Inflows Skyrocket
Thanks Elon, im a HODLER now
BITCOIN.ORG down?
If anybody hears about somebody from PA bragging about stealing $28,000 in Bitcoin, DM me.
Coin Insider Website Scam
Japan’s central bank criticizes bitcoin and other ‘cryptos’ and provokes a new crash
Chinese miners start selling their equipment and quit mining. Does It Affect Bitcoin Price?
Another Bitcoin paradox
We do the work, they take the profits: some cynically good news for BTC
To me, the walk in Branch banks seem primitive. Almost like going into that mom and pop restaurant that hasn’t changed their decor since opening 30 years ago. Nostalgia is nice, but not when it comes to my banking.
The Bitcoin dominance cycle predicts that the crypto surge of 2017 could happen again
Coin insider website. Is it a scam?
General Consensus.. I work in the hospitality industry and all day long, from coworkers and customers, all I hear is: “How can I get into bitcoin?” The noob market is still growing. This is main reason I continue to buy and hold.
Hint
Need I say more
Which exchange is best
This is fine...
Me checking my portfolio the last few weekends
Sick of all this FUD from the haters!!
Bitcoin can read our collective minds and it will only start going up again when all have lost their hope and expectations.
Coming up on 3 million subscribers! We’ve come a long way, r/Bitcoin! BTMFD!!!
Another newbie question
Bitcoin can read our kinda and it will only start going up again when most people have lost hope and expectations
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
"Together Launch"
Simple question. Who is paying more than $100k for BTC?
Bitcoin Private Key
More Dominance, Less Mining, Handful of Regulations and 20 Crypto Jokes
Bitcoin - Unmasking Satoshi Nakamoto
Bitcoin and POW believer... But scared POS will be the one actually used.
Microtasks
How unfortunate...
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Here's how traders can enhance their Bitcoin holdings by using call options
Globant bought $18 million worth BTC
PLEASE DON'T DELETE! Nail McCoy Ward - Housing Market And Unemployment Will Be Much Worse In June 2021!!!
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
Bitcoin is too Volatile!
Help from japan
Which platform do you use to buy cryptocurrencies and which coins to you invest in?
Should I? 🚀🚀
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Shud i?🚀🚀
Billionaire Elon Musk Charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault
Scared I might lose account, should I make another one on Coinbase?
Troc Token Announced. We will list on new Exchanges.
Bitcoin
What are some Bitcoin facts you like?
My thoughts on Bitcoin at the moment
Bitcoin is the next Global Reserve Currency | Here’s Why.
Why Bitcoin may soon find substantial price support at the $33,000 area
Raoul Pal Updates on Bitcoin Crash Price "Buy And Hold" 2021
Eth to dominate btc in the near future?
What does it indicate when the grayscale Bitcoin premium rises as the price of bitcoin falls below $35K?
My theory on Bitcoin ATH and how we got there.
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
🚀 Carma Coin - A brand new coin launching tonight that gives away super cars! Great 100x potential! First Giveaway: Lamborghini Huracan 610-4 on June 12
When bitcoin hits $100k you will have trippled your money from buying the dip today at $33k. Can you imagine how much your life is going to change?
Does this mean she’s now got £34.25?
Bitcoin 2013 Price Action
Bitcoin... who’s still holding?
Real block tokens
Bitcoin reminds me of the music industry trying their best to combat music piracy in the late 90's.
If you have a bullish outlook of any sort over the next month - year wouldn’t it make sense to buy leveraged coin right now?
Hodl?
Do I Hodl?
Why there is some much FUD on YouTube this days. are they paid or are they going short. What did I miss?
I’m out. Catch you guys on the way back up! Convince me otherwise.
But what if its over? :D (it's not!)
The latest official event of imtoken wallet, one million USDT-ERC20 will be given away! This event is organized by imtoken in conjunction with a third-party Dapp. You need to scan the QR code in the upper right corner of the imtoken wallet homepage and transfer to 0.01 USDT (must be an ERC20 chain)
Bitcoin Bailout - Brainstorming thread. Post ideas on how to bailout bitcoin
Bitcoin Indy 500 car
Your Automated Money Machine Is Ready For Activation
The latest official event of imtoken wallet, one million USDT-ERC20 will be given away! This event is organized by imtoken in conjunction with a third-party Dapp. You need to scan the QR code in the upper right corner of the imtoken wallet homepage and transfer to 0.01 USDT (must be an ERC20 chain)
Bitcoin ATM I spotted in a mall near my house
I’m pretty sure Bitcoin just formed a head and shoulder pattern? By definition it means a reversal in trend??
Mintable.app
Stablecoin fraud
Instant and free international remittance via Bitcoin's Lightning Network. Goodbye Western Union.
Any better Bitcoin Full Node "kits" than Fulmo?
Ótima Mineradora Pagando no Plano Grátis
Looking for some advice
This is the way.
Quick read on reasons to believe in NGU technology
New here
Edward Snowden: $6 Trillion Budget is Beneficial for Bitcoin
Miner query
Blockchain
The future of Bitcoin is looking less and less bright.
Building mining rig
Hi everyone! Is anyone playing on casinos with BTC?
Buy bitcoin now.
Bitcoin price: Police find giant bitcoin ‘mine’ during warehouse drug raid
CryptoTab Browser - Get ready for Summer 2021
This has to be a good thing
Edw. Snowden comments on the 6 tr $timulus.
This will never get old
Mineradora Pagando
"Long term" technical analysis of BTCUSD
Bitcoin is the Fastest Asset to Reach a $1 Trillion Market Cap
Does Bitcoin have a solution to what is going on atm?
Bitcoin and Crypto news update. EXPOSING the CRYPTO CRASH!
Live-Cryptocurrency Percentage Calculator
Bitcoin
Trusted platform for currency deposit
The Fed should start printing these bills again soon (but sadly no Gold certificate version)
IMtoken
Token
StormGain
Terrible dream of btc
😆
To all you paper handed ninimuggins!
Crypto Bull market Funeral
Something fishy with this BTM
Why do you think Elon Musk manipulate the crypto market ?
https://twitter.com/bitcoinsensus/status/1398615158671527938?s=21
The US dollar looks like a sh*t coin from crypto’s perspective
GOALS!
I have been using the Browser for a couple of months now and I can say that it meets expectations 100%. Plus the browser will earn cryptocurrency while you just do what you need. If you are ready to multiply your income and mine some BTC, follow the link
On this day, 29 May 1886, Coca-Cola’s 1st ad appeared in The Atlanta Journal. Creator John Pemberton predicted Coca-Cola would be a “national drink” but he &amp; his son sold their stake to satisfy morphine addiction. He died penniless but the recipe remains a closely guarded trade secret today. #HODL
Buy a car with Bitcoin!!
wanted to know if you guys have any insight on polywhale?? "staking"
The US dollar looks like a sh*t coin from crypto's perspective
Daily Bitcoin News May 28th, 2021
Does anyone have any thoughts of this Wycoff chart ?
Crypto enthusiasts groups in Porto
Seems interesting
Cathy wood special- central banks to buy crypto.
Cathy wood special- central banks to buy crypto.
Are VPNs for Crypto Transactions Worth It?
100x POTENTIAL - MARVEL LUNCH
Finally bought my first Bitcoin!!
Bitcoin Question
🛰 $SpaceAge Finance 🛰 | Fair Launching Soon 📌 | Ownership renounced at launch 🖊 | LP tokens burned🔒 | Whitepaper v1 + website 📄 | Fuel your rocket to the SpaceAge 🌒
So I finished reading The Bitcoin Standard and Blockchain Revolution...
If bitcoin holds 30k this wknd we should be sitting at consolidation for the next couple of months. What are your thoughts?
idiotproof to earn income in 2020s
The SEC has begun official review of SkyBridge and Fidelity's Bitcoin ETF applications
Beware of this scammer
crypto commissions
Is abra platform legit ?
Bitcoin is better than Gold
What are you still waiting for, before you invest in crypto? It seems you want crypto to rise before you take action 🤣
Holy. Gambling Bitcoin poppin off rn
Watch this!
Bitcoin Price Statistics For 100% Profit | For Bitcoin Miners
Bitcoin is More Than Just an Investment - Michael Saylor
I have limit orders set from 25k down to $1
Rollbit: Best betting site for crypto and VPN friendly! Free giveaway ends soon!
Suspected Cannabis Grow House Turns Out to Be a Bitcoin Farm
While the BTC price is down, now is a great time to buy some bitcoin...
Financial Advisor Suze Orman Says You "Should absolutely be buying bitcoin"
While the BTC price is down, now is a great time to buy some bitcoin...
Just realized Bitcoin ry mm es with shit coin
Today's Bitcoin Price for the past 10 years...Despite the price fall, bitcoin's price is still up by 264% compared to the previous year.
Are there any cool video podcasts where Someone against crypto argues against a crypto maximalist / enthusiast
What will be inflation adjusted (2021 prices) maximum price of bitcoin for the entire 21st century, and when it will happen?
A block with no transactions? Block 685396
Bitcoin Network Status Update Saturday, May 29, 2021
The MOON and BEYOND: Need to act fast on this before the Doge boys beat us to it.
My take on Bitcoin as a financial markets participant and a few years of exposure to this asset....
BTC Price Analysis: What Are the Critical Levels? Facing Major Barriers
Wanna gonna ask “is this the end? And then I realized...
golden shiba inu airdrop || trust wallet free claim
UFOs Unending False Official Narratives and coming False Flags (May 2021)
Laser eyes ? What are you talking about, this is a McDonalds
Swiss bank admits to laundering $36 million in bribes to soccer officials
The deadly sin 🧾🤲
Trying to get into a Bitcoin conference.
Crypto Will
Did You Sell Stocks at the bottom in 2009 or 2020? Think Long! HODL
Self-hosted Wallets And Taxes (U.S.)
A bitcoin ATM operator has been sent to federal prison for two years for running an illegal cryptocurrency exchange operation. U.S. authorities have seized 17 bitcoin ATMs, along with some cryptocurrencies, including bitcoin.
Happy day
Can one trace their bitcoin back to where they came from?
{1-833-444-8644} Bitcoin ATM Live Support Services
Bitcoin
The accuracy.....
Will this come true? Looks convincing
(Q) Bitcoin Generations..
Don’t Have A Cow: Bart Simpson Is Back In Bitcoin
Deflating the economy
Bitcoin will succeed on its own merit
Ignore the headlines — Bitcoin mining is already greener than you think
How does owning GBTC work on weekends?
2021 Crypto Credit Card recommendation?
Am I too late to Bitcoin?
The Bear Market Ironically Proves That Bitcoin Is The Future Of Money
I am one man-team that is about to launch a Job Site platform similar to Upwork, and other freelancing sites (Minus the outrages fees) that pays primarily in bitcoin.
The Mining Situation in China
Elrond Maiar - Earn $10 in eGold - Referral code: kdqdq6no2r
Phomeum token is better!!
Bachelor Thesis survey
Bitcoin dips again
Matt Hodl - Have Fun Staying Poor
Need USDT selling site and buying Google Play cards
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
What's up with all the chart analysis and overthinking?
Koo Yun-Cheol, chief of government policy coordination under the Prime Minister’s office, declared that South Korea plans to inflict a 20 percent income tax on capital gains from Bitcoin after the vice-ministerial interagency meeting transactions starting next year.
Bitcoin is down and could impact Tesla's future quarterly results. Could this impact other company’s decisions to hold BTC?
BANXA[dot]COM TOTAL SCAM....ALERT ALERT BANXA[dot}COM SCAM
I could only laugh because they’re going to miss out big.
Bank security questions for buying Bitcoin
BANXA.COM TOTAL SCAM....ALERT ALERT BANXA.COM SCAM
still holding, but i am already losing patience and give up hope.
Bitcoin is more than a currency. Its a in person discussion - a small story
Troc Token Announced. We will list on new Exchanges.
Looking for a payment processor that I can receive my balance as cryptocurrency
Test
Hey I’m 17 years old.
Iran bans crypto currency mining for 4 months due to blackouts
New to BTC
We are currently 39% down in May on $BTC. That's the worst-performing month ever. But history is teaching us that big drops like that usually leads to pumps. 👀
Wallet's new addresses
Do you support Bitcoin’s smaller block size and why or why not?
While the BTC price is down, now is a great time to buy some bitcoin...
END DAY
Help needed deciding if bitcoin is a viable option in this situation.
Trying to make money on the volatility of bitcoin
Mine Bitcoin on your PHONE! ($10 day ✔️) Works with iOS &amp; Android free
i bought bitcoin but...
Glennda is stuck in the past!
Wall Street struggles to sell Washington on Bitcoin for the masses
Join the best Bitcoin Investment/Recovery scheme and earn $12,000 monthly by investing little or no amount in Bitcoin For more information Contact Whatsapp - +1 318. 295. 0031 Telegram: lacertech90903
Online casino
Special offer🎁
Question
Bitcoin Vs. Inflation
NFT volume has more than tripled — even amid price crash — as Meme.com raises $5M
Are there any statistics about the best day of the week to buy bitcoin?
JP Morgan CEO issues stern warning to Bitcoin buyers [but 'would not stop offering crypto services'] | Cryptopolitan
If you're always looking back at what you've lost, you'll never discover the treasure that lies just up ahead.
earning betcoin
Exzocoin - Top project of 2021. Soon to replace all other blockchains
Bank calls the cops on a 60 year old man who wanted to withdraw all his money to invest it into crypto lol we need more people like this guy! He gets it!
Chinese Economist Says if Bitcoin Is Widely Adopted: ‘We’re All Going to Die, This Is Not a Joke’
Bitcoin Price Prediction: A bullish reversal is Brewing?
Major Convenience Store Sheetz to Accept Bitcoin Payments
BTC Energy Consumption
What change in the world are you most excited for that Bitcoin can bring about?
Bitcoin pays the wages of Xinjiang so Beijing will find it hard to outlaw Bitcoin
Will the Chinese government reform their opinion on bitcoin?
BEGINNERS TUTORIAL ON HOW TO EARN CASH WITH RUMBLE. &amp; &amp; Click here to register and start earning https://https://rumble.com/register/medogeka. A year from now you may wish you had started today.
https://minepi.com/Mossenburg420
Hashrate drops ahead of China's crackdown, bitcoin mining difficulty drops by 16 percent.
Bitcoin Actually Uses WAY Less Energy Than the Banking System, a New Paper Says
It's getting out of hand
Electricity consumption of mining
The bitcoin racing car will be starting on the front line of the Indy 500 today. Let’s go win a race!
Every Bitcoin Holder
Electricity consumption of mining
Check the link: https://rumble.com/register/medogeka
Bitcoin struggles after it failed to break the 40k resistance
Bitcoin is the future currency 💴 and that future is closer than you think 💵✌️ make an investment today and trust me you will not regret it #please leave me a message I need friends to chat with
Should I buy one full BTC ?
TokenLaunch Just Launch 50% Total Supply Burned🔥 This is your ticket to LEVELUP to financial freedom T.me/Tokenlaunchchat 🔒 Community Controlled 💎 NFTs 🌌
🍁 ELONWEED - Fairlaunch 🍁 ElonWeed is the coin designed to make money for its community, 💭 Telegram: https://t.me/ElonWeedCoin 🌐 Web: https://elonweedco.in/ 🔵 Twitter: https://twitter.com/ElonWeedCoin
Bitcoin will surge 500% this year - ultra bull Max Keiser
XD
My two cents on Blockchain and Cryptocurrency
Happy Memorial Day! Banks are closed today, but Bitcoin is still open for business!
Why is the richest man siding with Dogecoin?
raise price😁 XD
I STILL Cant Afford To Live, So Why Bother? - This what many people living on the fiat standard experience
Texas-Based Silver Energy partners with EZ Blockchain to Monetize Wasted Natural Gas With Bitcoin
SEC Asks Court to Let it See Evidence of Ripple’s ‘XRP Lobbying’
Why can't I sort these posts by "controversial"? I don't trust this sub...
Bancos e clima
BEGINNERS TUTORIAL ON HOW TO EARN CASH WITH RUMBLE??
Guess the years
What are your thoughts on Bitboy Crypto?
BEGINNERS TUTORIAL ON HOW TO EARN CASH WITH RUMBLE??
Halvening question
BEGINNERS TUTORIAL ON HOW TO EARN CASH WITH RUMBLE
BEGINNERS TUTORIAL ON HOW TO EARN CASH WITH RUMBLE
Bitcoin Price Forecast and Prediction May 31 — June 4— 2021
This Bullrun may last until June 03, 2022!
I need more.
'Wait, What?': Elon Musk Claims Dinosaurs 'would Still Be Around If They Had Spaceships'
Does Elon Musk really worry about bitcoin's carbon footprint
Bancos e clima
Easy way to make extra money
How I feel about Bitcoin daily 😉
Extent of Elon Musk's influence on cryptocurrency; where is it headed?
Question: BTC Denomination
😊😊
Crypto &amp; stimulus?
The Broker - Chapter One
Heyyyy, Anyone see that Sinatra’s That’s Life is actually describing Bitcoin??!?!
KYC free debit cards?
Literally done
Mina Protocol, the world’s lightest blockchain, launching tomorrow on Coinlist and Kraken exchanges. Coinbase backed project with mainnet already launched.
BCH accidentally sent to BTC address, still unconfirmed
Fold Bitcoin Rewards Tax Implications
Inflation Letting the Air Out of My Dreams
Selling or buying based on another crypto
#Hodl
THIS 1
Claim $1000 USD in Bitcoin every 24hrs, Type INFO and I’ll send all info Dm me ASAP to get started and also get paid, we rise by lifting others. @what’sApp: ‭+13054221410
“According to the report, $3.2 billion of Bitcoin was sold at a loss last week after being acquired in the previous 4 to 13 weeks.” -Noobs lol....
Crypto Niches and Rewards
Elon Musk Big Dogecoin Plan To Be Executed?
Bitcoin Market Analysis
Thank you, sign🙂
SEC Takes Blow In Action Against Ripple, Will It Impact XRP Price?
Elon Musk cares about the environment. We need to help him.
Why is a satoshi defined as 1e-8 BTC and not a more "round" number? (eg 1e-6, 1e-9)
It’s been like 11 days. Is this normal ? Do I keep waiting or what do I do ?
The latest official activity of imtoken Wallet, scan the QR code of imtoken Wallet, and participate in the [5 and You] annual scan code airdrop reward activity
A friend of mine made this to motivate his fellow HODLers
Jeff Bezos Charged With Money Laundering This Sunday Morning
To infinity and beyond 🌌
Non-Fungible Bitcoin (NFB)
When do you know when to sell?
I want to build a team for a blockchain based startup.
#FreeRoss
Billionaire Ray Dalio is a Bitcoin Hodler| update on Beacon Chain developments
Hello from a new node! Umbrel was exactly as easy as I hoped it would be.
democrats hate the truth, they just want everyone to be miserable
How To Grow Your Wealth With A Secure Bitcoin Wallet?
Watch This Video On Why Elon Musk Is Backing Dogecoin!
#FreeRoss
Bitcoin Cycle Charts, courtesy of CTM community (@ jclcapital on Twitter, Conquer Trading and Investing on YouTube)
Bitcoin sponsored Rinus Veekay, 20, finishes P8 in the 105th Indy 500 in his Ed Carpenter Racing Chevy after qualifying front row alongside Scott Dixon. Veekay was the youngest driver on the grid and led the race early on, remained top 5 during the first 100 laps.
BTC Clown meme
It's Going To Get Much WORSE From Here-Peter Schiff
Two Bitcoin price indications indicate that BTC has not yet bottomed
NBOOK
Bitcoin in the lead after 50 laps
Anti-FUD: Zoom out and listen to long term hodlers (2019-now)
ICO NBook
Carl Sagan and Bitcoin?
US-Sanctioned Actors Use Crypto in New Ways to Evade Restrictions - Report
democrat ignorance or scheming to destroy middle class
WTF am I watching?
Crypto Trade?
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Did you know the 2008 bank bail out was more money than the 50 years running budget of NASA? Also lemme introduce you to fractional banking.
Seeing that rich old dinosaurs hate Bitcoin makes me like it more... am I crazy?
Want to convince those you care about to adopt Bitcoin? Start studying videos on psychological Persuasion like this. So many of us don’t know how to persuade, so studying the psychology of it helps a lot in what to say and what to not say
Bitcoin &gt; College
The voice of many over one or few... This is Bitcoin!
Bitcoin beginner in need of advice!
Is there a Blacklist of BTC addresses?
Exchange my 150k Paypal to ur 5k BTC
Bad marketing 📊🔥🔥
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Bitcoin will not exist in 10 years
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Pi is a new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs, with over 10 million members worldwide. To claim your Pi, follow this link https://minepi.com/Tnelly04 and use my username (Tnelly04) as your invitation code.
IRS is advertising for contractors to hack into bitcoin wallets - another reason to NEVER KYC
Banks are on the attack
Today Ed Carpenter raced at the Indy 500 in a Bitcoin car.
Why do people move money to Stablecoins instead of USD as an intermediary?
Check out Bitcoin. It's going places. (A post from 2010)
Thoughts on The Bitcoin Standard
Guess the years
How does a backend of centralized crypto exchange trading system work?
BITCOINMARKETING
We as humanity can't allow for controlled electronic currency. All attempts must be stopped before attempts to to being released. We have freedom now, don't let them stop us.
Quantum computers and the security of the Bitcoin blockchain
What Bitcoin may do
What is your opinnion about Max Keiser? What is your favorite bitcoin maximalist?
Fiat Determines Value?
Pro tip: nobody knows where bitcoin/usd price will go
Rollbit: Best betting site for crypto and VPN friendly! Free giveaway ends soon!
Best US Exchange For Shorting?
btc takes long
Bitcoin more like dumb
150k paypal exchange 5k btc
Feeling good
This is the newest project of him?
Be Bold &amp; Hold
Bought the dip yet fellas?
Indy 500: Conor Daly (XRP the Phoenix🇺🇸USAF) vs. Rinus VeeKay (born on 9/11/2000 &amp; driving #21 Bitcoin Car) ... Pick your Fighter!
Faced with economic sanctions, Iran has converted to Bitcoin
Congratulations🥉 to those that qualified this week
Bitcoin mining is keeping fossil-fuel-powered plants online that would otherwise be replaced by renewables.
Bitcoin will end up being centralized and censored by US Gov. Here is how
🔴 Is DOGECOIN Stabilising? | DOGECOIN is Making MOVES | DOGECOIN Upates / NEWS / Analysis LIVE
Has anyone here ever tried hypnosis to remember a btc password ?
Elon Musk is playing with bitcoin investors
CNBC claiming were going to 20k, but this vid shows compares our current run to 2013's and its been pretty similar so far. if it actually does work out that way we could be in for a crazy pump toward the end of the year. I mean none of the fundamentals have changed for the worse imo.
Bitcoin's Stock-to-Flow Model in 2021
Beware: CNBC Is Up To Their Old Tricks Again... Telling The World To Be Bearish &amp; Afraid of BTC -- Now Using Chart Patterns to Manipulate People.
Pay less, buy more - Crypto Mining Equipment with 15% Reduced prices
Thoughts?
Still thinking should I hold or trade?!!
Bitcoin free £10 promotion
Bitcoin pit stop brrrrrr!!!
First the dip, now this?
Williston, North Dakota now accepting bitcoin for utility payments. Keep asking your city to do the same!
How to trade BTC with MARA options
Beware The Traitors Within
Satori Coin Pre-Fork, loaded with .002 BTC and BCH in 2016! Love these.
Wall Street struggles to sell Washington on Bitcoin for the masses — POLITICO
iT’s rEvoLutioNaRy tEchnoLogy
Spectacular ongoing Indianapolis 500 race ongoing with Bitcoin car #21 driven by Rinus Veekay. Proud like many others to have contributed to it.
A JPMorgan Icon Quits, And Has Some Parting Words About Cryptocurrencies
Cripto right now
Can we relate
Why doesn't the bitcoin developer community move from proof of work to proof of stake?
Oh look the only mining pool not signaling taproot is MARA Pool, if you own stock in $MARA please sell it, they are not keeping up with the times and are a overall piece of shit company.
Today at the Indy 500, car #21 will be racing for Bitcoin
A humble analysis of BTC on monthly timeframe
China's Crackdown on Crypto
Do american btc investors still believe the usa is a first-world country?
symbol of freedom
"BITCOIN HAS THE HIGHEST PENETRATION OF RENEWABLES AS AN ENERGY SOURCE OF ANY INDUSTRY ON THE PLANET."
Is there a strong indication that bitcoin will reach 25k by the end of June?
Opinions about bitcoin
Is Bitcoin The Blockbuster of Crypto? Robert Kiyosaki &amp; Robert Breedlove
The bitcoin car is leading the Indy 500!!!
I found perfect correspondence!!
Veekay in the Bitcoin car leading the Indianapolis 500!
High &amp; Variable APY Earning (Up to 15%) on BTC/ETH/USDT with Haru Invest - Small but SAFU
Bitcoin is leading the Indy 500! Always first.
Question: How do I accept BTC as Payment Method?
Cryptocurrency to invest in 2021 #btc #eth #doge
I missed the dip yesterday :(
Take it or leave it.
Gifted these last Christmas along with 1 USD and 10B ZWD bills. Whose fiat money will retain value?
For the people who know about coincasso's long short game are there any sites like that that don't need ID verification?
Bitcoin Design...
Never before seen footage of Snoop Dogg reacting to Bitcoin drop
Comments from major bank about the future of cyrpto....
CryptoTab Browser - Lightweight, fast, and ready to mine!
Does anyone know what time Bloody BTC Sunday starts lol
Everyone
How high will the price get pumped today now that the race is about to start..?
Why I am worried about Bitcoin and won't invest, even though long term I see it as a good financial investment.
Good luck
Bitcoin Network Status Update Sunday, May 30, 2021
Scammed by cashapp?
Nasty rainy day here in NYC.
FREL AuctionFreela Trading Challenge is good.
It really do be like that
The market is behaving accordingly. Just HODL it out and we’ll be ok.
BTC on NASCAR
How is MSTR not bankrupt?
Technology
Bitcoin Flirts Around $36,000!
Go cheer on Ed Carpenter at the Indy 500 starting at 12PM EST, driving the Bitcoin car
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning bitcoin soon.
Toxic Forum
What Crypto Traders &amp; Investors Can Learn From Daniel Kahneman About Noise
Weak meme game. But my truth!
Crypto Mining
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
New Crypto Reporting Proposals in Biden's Budget for 2022
Just received my new Coldcard wallet? How do I know whether its safe and not been compromised?
Bitcoin Undefeated NFT Collector's Item. Highly detailed, unique collector's coins - Available on Opensea (Link in comments)
Bitcoin Undefeated NFT Collector's Item. Highly detailed, unique collector's coins - Available on Opensea (Link in comments)
Henry, the bitcoin investor
Tell your mining pools to stop building on top of Marathon blocks. Bootlickers like them are not welcome. The faster we bankrupt Marathon, and signal to others that we do not support authoritarianism, the better.
Pay less, buy more - Crypto Mining Equipment with 15% Reduced prices
bitcoin myths and facts
Professional fudding
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
On Mainnet, COMIT has launched Monero-Bitcoin Atomic Swaps
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
Balanced technical analysis of Bitcoin's current price action (Hard to Find) posted less than an hour ago.
Strike is changing thousands of lives every day with Bitcoin in El Salvador
Pay less, buy more - Crypto Mining Equipment with 15% Reduced prices
London and the rest of the Uk girls exposed
Bitcoin Crypto Media Outlet
Dumb move by a friend - What should be done in your opinion?
For any investment, we must consider the profit margin. Make the most cost-effective investment.
Nature and history of money, property rights, fraud and the potential of crypto: The context
Remember, The price of bitcoin is whatever WE want to sell it for.
Nature and history of money, property rights, fraud and the potential of crypto: The context
[Academic] Is there a future in NFTS ? (All ages and gender) I am a student how currently writes his term paper on NFTs, i need some data to finish it, I would highly appreciate your help. Thanks in advance.
Crypto Android App
Bitboy sold 2 mil last week thinking it was gonna be a bloody Sunday. Looks like just another day "Around the Blockchain"!😂😂😂😂😂🚀
My video picking up Pomp’s Bitcoin Pizza
We accept Bitcoin at the Female Wrestling Channel
Happy Sunday 😊
Stop worrying about how much energy Bitcoin uses - It's a false debate.
Does anyone have any info about defichain?
The Massive Societal Benefits of Bitcoin
Good luck to Rinus Veekay, drving the #21 BITCOIN car in the Indy 500 today! Qualified 3rd and will be starting on the front row.
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Where is the best place to invest in Bitcoin?
May 30th as a LOTR battle
photo
How to Change the World in 10 Years and Why the Future Is Not in Flying Cars, but in Blockchain?
Chainswap IDO, The best platform to Kick start Defi projects.
Watch this video on Shiba Inu!
The Telegraph is lying about banks blocking payments to crypto exchanges.
Inflation Is Coming | Why Bitcoin Was Made For This Moment
DO YOU WANT YOUR OWN ONE OF A KIND NFT??
#elonmusk
Here’s what Apple should do if they incorporate digital wallets
Is it true isn't it ? XD
A High Correlation Regime Between Bitcoin Persisted Since 2018
Billionaire Twitter CEO Jack Dorsey gets charged with felony assault
Top Crypto Analyst Says $XRP Ripe for Eruption, Sees #Bitcoin Pulling Off Unexpected Breakout $RIPPLE $BTC
Real estate investors!
F1 Bitcoin
Bidens retroactive capital gains tax.
I wonder if they'll ever learn
Crypto God
Why you don't need to freak out
The perks of the Doge coin
Don’t think Digital money will be ever be used? Well...
Hazemoon
I just bought BTC for the first time using cash! There was one of these ATMs in a convenience store and it was pretty easy. I live in Canada and none of my banks allowed crypto transactions so I used this. Details in comments.
Only half % of the transactions are SegWit. What can we do to make people use SegWit instead of Legacy?
All the paperhands are the one dude that takes a sip and hits the back rotors after jumping
Someone Trademarked "Bitcoin" in the US?
Just passed 3mil
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Accumilate and Hodl, Do not Surrender.
Bitcoin mining
Max Keiser Thinks Nassim Taleb's Narcissism Turned Him Into an Anti-Bitcoiner (1-minute audio clip)
3 Million subs, congrats!
3,000,000! Milestone reached!
END DAY
South Korean Presidential Candidate: Delay Crypto Tax Until 2023
What is the maximum passive income you can make monthly if you hold cryptocurrency worth say $10k ( what are safest options)
Stop it!
https://satoshi.radio.br/wp/
Sold at 14k in 2017, now I'm back. I put like half my life savings in bitcoin again last week at 35k and i wish it would just go down
Is bitcoin a "bomb" hidden inside Tesla?
How profitability is more in 3GH/s miner than 110TH/s miner?
Bitcoin Ultimate HODLR
Bitcoin (₿) a cryptocurrency invented in 2008 by an unknown person or group of people named Satoshi Nakamoto. The use of the currency began in 2009 when its implementation released as open-source software.
Blockchain
Data shows that Ethereum has made profits for six consecutive quarters. Can it continue in the next quarter?
"Bitcoin does NOT violate Mises' Regression Theorem" - a great thread from July 2010 discussing Bitcoin's development into money, with a post from Satoshi himself at the end.
Best Dropshipping Suppliers | AliExpress Alternative 2021
Will China's cryptocurrency ban spark a global crypto crisis?
Man Who Can’t Remember Bitcoin Password Says He’s ‘Made Peace’ With $220M Loss -
Whatsminer M32 50W 66T
Cripto Mundo - Novo Instagram (Rumo ao 5k)
Is there away to set up automatic payments on Coinbase Pro just like on regular coinbase?
Can’t Withdraw Bitfinex
What is Dogecoin? | 🐕 Dogecoin EXPLAINED!
MTGOX Creditors - system is now open for voting on rehabilitation plan
At peace with whatever happens
Lost everything now I'm broke!
Earn bitcoin easily in Telegram.
CrazyTime
Binance Review | Binance Review Tutorial 2021 ✅
Not touching untill
Catfish to Scam - thoughts?
Fantastic
Is $37,000 a best buy point?
30k bitcoin low of 2021- Low price history of BTC- was this the best buy point we see?
Bitcoin Miner Marathon Will No Longer Censor Transactions, CEO Says -
It’s already a month as I’ve been using new browser. CryptoTab browser, to be exact. Do you want me to ask why? I’ll tell you. It doesn’t just browse well, but allows you to earn Bitcoin with ease! Learn more, follow the link -
Billionaire Elon Musk Charged with 2nd Degree Murder
Great news, they listened to the community. I think the other miners that were thinking about censoring transactions will follow their lead.
BTC 2015
@APompliano and @Balajis running a challenge for a price oracle
Bitcoin Analysis With Metcalfe's Law
Here we go boys!
Are You Here For The Pump Or For The Revolution?
'Wait, What?': Elon Musk Claims Dinosaurs 'would Still Be Around If They Had Spaceships'
Bought some smooth socks with Bitcoin. I used the cash app and it was fast and easy.
✋ 👉 🚀 🌚 ?💎 💎 🙌 💎 💎 HODL?
Chinese Bitcoin (BTC) Traders Turn to OTC Desks to Circumvent Ban
Covid passaporte
Plz help my Bitcoin rap get moar viewz
Play and earn
Dogecoin CEO Transfers project Ownership over to “Greg”, the new CEO of Dogecoin
Tether is really not a fundamental issue?
Suddenly everyone’s talking about Bitcoin. I don’t know why but it kinda annoys me🤔 What about you guys?
BTC is climbing right now so that the hedge funds can dump tomorrow for GME. Just showing you the truth, your choice to listen.
What is your opinion on the Bitcoin price floor?
Elon Musk Diagnosed With Cancer
Covid passaport
You know what to do....😃
Moving "profits" into BTC..
SHIBA INU IS GONNA BLOW!
Crypto Listing and Delisting Announcements: Week 22
Conference next weekend
Watching Us, While Toying with Bitcoin Buy/Sells
Bitcoin uses less energy than FIAT does!!
Spread this like wildfire.... WE NEED THE TRUTH TO BE TOLD!
Bitcoin Miner Marathon Will No Longer Censor Transactions, CEO Says
Follow me up 📞
Just bought 4 BTC for 4$
Btc
A Million people March in London - Why is this not on your news channel's?
A company requesting funds
Utreexo | A dynamic accumulator for Bitcoin state — MIT Digital Currency Initiative
Short-term holders capitulate as Bitcoin rejects at $37.5K, according to on-chain statistics.
Question about Bitcoin amount in this scenario
IBO
Average Bitcoin Transaction Fee Hits Lowest Level Since January As Market Cools Down - Decrypt
[Request] Bitcoin transaction sites using bank ACH do NOT require PLAID or similar?
The evolution of cryptocurencies from 2014 to 2021: from zero to a trillion dollar market cap
How important is the $900 million open interest on Bitcoin options worth more than $100,000?
Is there an exchange where I can sell my dollars for $ATOSHIS? Today USD = 2,705 $ATS
Where is the price of Bitcoin (BTC) headed?
God loves you!!
Last Week In Bitcoin: Billionaires, Texas, And Mining
Be informed The best time to buy
Tax loss harvesting
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Bitcoin Collection' before its swooped up!
She knows what’s up, I’m swiping 👉🏽
Why hasn't lightning been more adopted after years under development?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Block chain wallet app showing my balance as zero for bitcoin cash. Anybody else is experiencing this glitch?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Living on crypto in Austria: An interview with Anita Posch
The Weekly Bullish Bitcoin News!
Taproot is coming!
Bitcoin Value: Understanding Bitcoin's Scarcity, Flexibility And Volatility
Bitcoin is Punk Rock with Phil Gibson
🤣
WHY BITCOIN IS SLOW? (for dummies)
Anyone Selling a Ticket to Bitcoin Conference 2021?
Security
Extent of Elon Musk's influence on cryptocurrency; where is it headed?
Storing my seed phrase online
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
How Ethereum Could Power A CBDC, According To A Chinese Goverment Official
BTC mining question help!!
Bitcoin is a thermo-dynamically sound store of value.
BTC Skews are seeing the most negative levels we’ve seen all year, there could be a “buy the dip” opportunity. Is this Bitcoin Options “buy the dip” type of setup?
Hey :(
Taproot lock-in
Elon, a single opinion
In the Battle over Bitcoin, It’s Bull vs. Bear in Elon Musk’s Brain
Couldn’t help myself!!!
SAT STATS: Hey all DCA Bitcoiners! What is your high, low, and average buy-in for Bitcoin? I would love to hear some of your Sat stats.
The Bitcoin price sell-off appears to be losing momentum, according to three on-chain indications
What can I buy with 1 btc?
Looking to sell my bitcoin 2021 ticket.
nice house in Marbella in exchange of BTCs or ETHs
Bill Gates thinking about Bitcoin in 1996 - THE DIGITAL WALLET OF THE FUTURE
I want to share with you the good news about the VersoView project. New VersoRewards V1 Staking Pools: “Pumpkin King” &amp; “The 22” Staking Pools! Have you heard about this?
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Can mining become unsustainable in the near future?
Dividing Bitcoin or Multiple backups
They Are Hiding THIS From YOU!!! - Lyn Alden On Deflation, Inflation, Economy Crisis
someone spanish? algún español? si es así decidme , soy nuevo en esto. If is yes tell me I’m new in this and I need help. I can talk English in a medium level xd
Bitcoin Help
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Left-crude oil June dead cat bounce with recovery. Right- current June BTC dead cat bounce minus recovery. Very interesting Identical patterns by these two. If it holds true BTC would climb rapidly next week.
Cryptocurrency to invest in 2021 (Backtesting) 📉📉📉📈📈
Iam A Time-Traveler. The year now is 2055. Fiat has collapsed, people now hedge #bitcoin to save their investments. #bitcoin now is at 20.80 Million usd per #btc
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
we are to finish may and btc are in 30M$ and it was at 1st may at 47M$ (not exactly) I hope we have a great June but finals of may doesn’t were the greatest…
Bitcoin recovery
💎✊
A scratch-off has never looked so good!
Watch this video on Etoro revealing why they have added Dogecoin and Shiba Inu!
IMPORTANT QUESTION - Does anyone know if your BTC deposit addresses stay the same after this Taproot soft forks? (For direct deposit purpose?)
If my bank is so concerned about me losing money investing in bitcoin how come they don't show the same concern for me losing money in online gambling?
BTC/USDT Daytrading Support Bot.
Pleb Mining Council proposed ? meme by @lc_hodl
Pleb Mining Council proposed ? meme by @lc_hodl
Apple Wallet Payments using Bitcoin?
Word!
Elon Musk Gets Charged With Second Degree Felony Assault
when and where did know bitcoin first
Is the FUD starting to wear off?
$Inu 🚀🚀🚀
Recovering wallet from old hard drive
Crypto Crash: 3 Things you need to Know
Etherum is a shitcoin. It doesn't compare to Bitcoin in terms of a investment.
Coinbann is a scam
Bitcoin's Speedy Trial, Global Corporate Tax, Ripple Wins A Battle + More News
Druckenmiller: Ethereum is 'MySpace before Facebook' while Bitcoin won as 'Google'
[podcast] The Past, Present &amp; Potential of Blockchain Collectibles (SOB 462)
Report: Amid pullback, Argentine Bitcoin miners thriving
Good cause for veterans
Daily Bitcoin News May 31st, 2021
Bitcoin at the Miami airport ahead of the conference
Good cause for Veterans
Did I time the bottom?
Slice of the pie 🚀
Meant to post this a couple weeks ago but oh well
India just unbanned Bitcoin (today)
Looking for crypto coins CASINO?
Fuck The CCP BITCOIN WILL WIN
Binance and my stolen BTC
Bitcoin's primary function is not "store of value" - that's a result of its primary function. Bitcoin is "fuck you money." For example: You want to seize my accounts? Fuck you. You don't want me to buy ______? Fuck you. You want to steal my wealth via inflation? Fuck you. Jameson Lopp
Bitcoin is leading a revolution!
Human Rights Foundation Donates $210,000 In Bitcoin Ecosystem Grants
Taproot probably being locked this period [97.94% signaling]
“Human Rights Foundation Gives Out $210K in Bitcoin Development Grants” - Lovely to see the humanitarian benefits of Bitcoin being discussed 🙏
Interesting to see how the power-consumption narrative changes. This article is from April last year. "Chinese City Known for Bitcoin Mining Seeks Blockchain Firms to Burn Excess Hydropower"
Due to it's pancake wedge and a descending strawberry line, Bitcoin's dominance will fall to 1.007% and the entire market will crash 98.1123%. Safegoat will then take over as the one true cryptocurrency. 🐐
Whats with bitcoin/crypto and masks?
Lovely to see the humanitarian benefits of Bitcoin being discussed 🙏
Just tried out Breez Point of Sale
I keep seeing articles popping left and right either governments are changing their minds about BTC or investors are buying BTC. I know there's a lot of people scared of this manipulation, but HODL because this ride is only gonna get better
Hold ✋ to the 🌝? 💎 💎 💎
Maz Keisers update on bitcoin
The dollar has lost 99% of it's value. Stop the print
Bitcoin is on track to have its second-largest monthly drop ever
HODL To The Moon
Any one having problems on cashapp right now
Hold ✋ to the 🌝? 💎 💎 💎
Better than BTC
Reserve Bank of India warned Banks for denying services to Crypto related transactions. Big win for Crypto today.
Illegal Bitcoin (BTC) ATM Network Crashed – AronBoss
Binance CEO, CZ, shades Elon Musk in tweet. - ''When you use electricity to run cars, it’s environmentally friendly. When you use electricity to run the most efficient financial networks in the world, it’s an environmental concern.''
Bitcoin is hands down the best store of value humanity has ever seen IF YOU HAVE A 4 YEAR HORIZON. Dollar Cost Averaging is the best strategy.
Hmm?
Reserve Bank of India proved to be a blessing in disguise for the Indian crypto market by issuing an official notice on Monday concerning that local banks are reportedly warning clients against adopting Bitcoin.
Raoul Pal says that institutions are coming back to bitcoin
So whats next? 45k or 28k?
thanks
Governments Will Try to Ban Bitcoin - Here’s How - Andreas Antonopoulos
Thinking about the overall safety of Uniswap…
Future of Bitcoin? Currency, Gold, or ???
Aschaffenburg's Tesla Taxi now accepts Dogecoin payments
Subsidized Energy And Shrinking Economy Lead To Bitcoin Mining Boom In Argentina
Secret of Bitcoin mining: How miners really act around a price floor
Billionaire Ray Dalio says Chinese ‘digital’ yuan could compete with Bitcoin
I've been using Lightning with BTC for 3.5 years now - 1. Still don't know who's paying who for what 2. Paying is still generally very easy 3. Cross-implementation pretty much always just works 4. You can pay very tiny amounts without issue 5. Works without permission cross-borders
Marathon Signals for Taproot
It seems Marathon felt the pressure...
Trying to teach friends &amp; family about responsibly investing small amounts of money that can be held long term into Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies but their biases keep them from listening? Try studying things like this. It will help you learn to better communicate what you’re trying to say
Up Yours Communist Party!
Bitcoin's all-time high of $64,804 isn't the final number, according to a crypto analyst
Important Mt. Gox Creditors Vote! Or Mark Karpelès walks away with $200 billion.
Zoomer gets the pentakill
Tried to buy the dip but it keeps dipping
Mara FUD
Bitcoin Heart ❤️ Hodl https://www.the-crypto-hodler.com/hodl-bitcoin-heart
Crypto Business World Jobs – By Crypto Business World
Calculate profits
Doge vs Shib
Is a lot of tether being printed bullish or bearish?
Join cytotoeverything
When Bitcoin (BTC) reaches $27,000, Robert Kiyosaki says he'll buy it again
Got to love the Bitcoin race car at the Indy 500. Rinus Veekay &amp; team did a great job.
Calculate profits
AIRDROP || moonbee token free claim your trust wallet
Guess who is pulling back? 🇮🇳 Reserve Bank of India with important clarification on Crypto regulations
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/bitcoins-environmental-impact-potential-misunderstood-mike-palmeter/
Bitcoin Network Status Update Monday, May 31, 2021
Happy Memorial day! Just a reminder, banks are closed but bitcoins free market isn't
What is the hashrate of RTX 3080 for SHA-256?
Bitcoin's Environmental Impact, and Potential, is Misunderstood
“In all my years I’ve never seen stock, commodity or currency markets act the way they’re acting right now. I think they only act this way about once every 80-90 years, when the previous cycles’ established fiat currency system has been milked to exhaustion." -Brian Beamish
It seems India is not banning cryptocurrencies.
The Orange colour of Bitcoin - Where did it start?
Throwing a massive pre-event poker game with some whales in VC and crypto. We are also raffling Mayweather/Paul suite tickets for this weekend. If you're interested, DM me for a $75 off promo code!
is there any community support for bip300? any devs working on it?
decentralized mining pool?
Crypto Brief - May 31st 2021 | Christophe Barraud
Human Rights Foundation Bitcoin Grant to Fund Lightning, Activism Tech
Whether prices are ascending or crashing, public figure’s opinion is continuing to converge toward acceptance of Bitcoin and decentralized currency networks. Last week's volatility may have softened the hearts of some of its natural directors.
“Bitcoin has survived a number of big 'crashes', while Pets.com didn’t survive one...It would be a mistake to underestimate the unique and unprecedented resilience of digital items like Bitcoin. It's volatile, but it's not a bubble. There is no ceiling, nor any floor.” -Nathan Tankus
RBI: Banks can't cite 2018 crypto-ban order quashed by SC to caution customers against virtual currencies
BTC TO 90K "CHARTS SAY"📈⚠️‼️💵
Analyst Predicting The Drop in Bitcoin (BTC) Announces The Date The Downtrend Can End – AronBoss
Crypto4you eBook
Anyone worried about the energy usage of bitcoin should watch this. mining’s getting more efficient every year people used to be worried the internet would use up most the world’s electricity
Bitcoin Excites Me
Should I put my $10 in Bitcoin today?
So you're telling me
"India bans Bitcoin!" Uh, NO. "China bans Bitcoin" Uh, NO. "Nigeria bans Bitcoin" Uh, NO. It's an endless shitstorm as moneyed interests close to the dollar spigot finally see Bitcoin for what it is: A direct threat to monetary expansion and Central bank authority. Put your shields up, and prepare.
BitMEX, Human Rights Foundation Award $150,000 To Bitcoin Developer Calvin Kim
Simple Step To Protect your Bitcoin Wallet
Bitcoin mining by country
REQUEST FOR DONATION
Shower thought
The Last Word on Bitcoin's Energy Consumption - By Nic Carter
Pump and dump telegramm channel
I'm so sick of the energy argument
Reserve Bank of India - says banks can't ban crypto transactions! #IndiaWantsCrypto
The Reserve Bank of India announced that #Bitcoin and exchanges are not banned in India.
I’m gonna let this here.
Bitcoin Family Cryptocurrency Course
Bitcoin Miners Thrive Amid ‘Ridiculous’ Energy Subsidies in Argentina
Do you pay capital gains tax when you transfer between crypto currencies?
BTC in the lowest value month. I suppose and hope that is cause of that are may finals , I hope it’s gonna be a nice June :((
What is Cryptocurrency and How Do You Buy It?
Can I find 2,700usd again with 8usd?
RBI clears air on crypto trading, asks banks to perform customer due diligence
I recently sent 2.7 bitcoins worth around £70k to my other blockchain wallet. I sent at a 1/SAT fee. The transaction confirmed and has over 100+ confirmations on blockchain explorer but still does not show in my blockchain balance, yet the transaction is confirmed. Have I lost my money?
10 scary things i heard about Bitcoin
Bitcoin is referred to as "speculative" by the Governor of the Bank of Japan
BTC still glowing up slowly but glowing up ;(
How to profit off crypto in 2021!
Bitcoin Miners Thrive Amid ‘Ridiculous’ Energy Subsidies in Argentina
India just unbanned Bitcoin (today)
PayPal - allowing to buy/sell crypto
Biden Just Said THIS About Crypto And You Need To Be READY!
Second contract
$BTC to 100k? Hmm...
Could a company that owns Bitcoin...
According to Max Keiser, the price of bitcoin will increase by 500% this year
Bitcoin to 100k? Hmm...
Here Are the Real Heroes of the Bitcoin Revolution — Those Without Whom Bitcoin Could Not Evolve. Helping them is the best way to support the Bitcoin revolution.
How can I see top Bitcoin and other crypto's wallets as we can with Dogecoin on Bitinfocharts ? I am really curious to see how decentralised these coins are, as I heard many FUD about Doge that 46% of all supply belongs to one wallet.
Don't be like Tom
CryptoBrawlers Adds a Fresh Spin on the NFT Token Craze
The Orange colour of Bitcoin.... Where did it start?
Indian central bank reverses its ban on banks dealing in crypto
‘Bitcoin Will Survive Concerns About the Environment’: Iris Energy Pty
I just got this discord message, can I trust it?
Big Win for crypto in India. Central bank reverses its ban on banks. Banks are allowed to deal with crypto exchanges.
Will the SEC finally approve a Bitcoin ETF in 2021?
What do you guys think about George from CryptoRUS?
DBS became the first bank in Asia to expand digital exchange offerings and first bank-backed trust offering for dominant cryptocurrency, Bitcoin.
How to get free Bitcoin
Revolutionary photoshoot. Note - sorry for poor video quality.
The White House want investors to ‘dogecoin to their heart’s content’
I think I caused this dip...
Max Keiser Says Bitcoin Price to Surge 500% This Year
That’s how you do advertising!
Crypto Mining Booms on Cheap, Subsidized Energy in Argentina
Bitcoin miners look overseas amid crackdown in China
The latest official event of imtoken wallet, millions of USDT will be given away! This event was jointly organized by imtoken and a third-party DApp. You must scan the code in the upper right corner of the password wallet homepage to get 1-999 USDT at random! Professional test in seconds! Become a t
India Crypto situation..a reversal in the works 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
BitMEX, Human Rights Foundation Award Bitcoin Developer Grant Worth $150K
Don't be like Tom
Best practice for setting up nodes
What I needed to hear in this bear market...
END DAY
