END DAY  
3 Tx's stuck for days
Frank Chapparo from The Block dives deep into Total Crypto Market Cap Token, TCAP with Cryptex Finance co-founders Joe Sticco &amp; Preston Van Loon on the latest episode of The Scoop.
but really, don't
How do I buy the Casper ICO if I live in America?
I'm lost for words, my dad just gave me a ledger and my first full Eth as a graduation present. Very happy to be a part of this community!!
Anyone have Kovan eth?
Do you guys like faucets here?
blessing
New DeFi discord up and running! Call to action:
This Layer 2 Solution Will Allow Ethereum To Scale Dramatically (Optimistic Rollups)
Cryptographically Generated Art, If a photo is worth a thousand words, then this piece is worth three thousand $LINK
Under the hood, development continues. Excited about the coming weeks. Hero NFT issuance on ethereum.
A deep dive into Eth 2.0 on The Scoop podcast with Preston Van Loon
Decentralized Stock-backed Tokens
How Nick Johnson foiled Kobo's lovely new hardware wallet with the help of his vet
Cardano is releasing KEVM, an Ethereum Virtual Machine for Cardano smart contract development.
d
Discussing ETH Futures &amp; Institutional Demand With the CME Group: Coinscrum : Crypto News &amp; Podcast
What do you think is the greatest value that blockchain brings, and when will society come to accept it?
Dedaub Claims $250k in Bounty for Primitive Finance Bug - The Defiant - DeFi News
New to crypto
Furucumbo Commits to Compensating Hack Victims - The Defiant - DeFi News
Yearn Raises Dai Vault Limit as Alchemix Deposits Surge - The Defiant - DeFi News
Ethereum's Top 10 Non-Exchange Whales Now Holding the Most Combined Tokens (16.86 ETH) Since July, 2016
Just grabbed another one of these NFTs off of Niftygateway, this one by Matt Gondek the Disney artist, thoughts?
“Tiananmen” Contract on BSC Seeking to Provoke CZ - The Defiant - DeFi News
The rise of the Ethereum economy
Beeple &amp; Grimes are Latest in High-Profile NFT Auctions - The Defiant - DeFi News
3LAU Breaks NFT Auction Record with $11.6M in Sales - The Defiant - DeFi News
NFTs Have the Potential to Crack Royalties and Give More Value to Artists - The Defiant - DeFi News
A Glorious Guide to NFTs
awful story about wallet scam
Please help
Sharing my first NFT! Ethereum Fire Dragon Level 1 🔥
NFTs Have the Potential to Crack Royalties and Give More Value to Artists - The Defiant - DeFi News
No, CryptoArtists Aren’t Harming the Planet
A company is being sold as an NFT...
ETH Being Stolen by Scammers! My Story
Registrations are live for Chainlink Virtual Hackathon! Build DeFi, NFT, and Gaming dApps with $80k+ in prizes, hear from top projects and developers in crypto, and much more 🎉
Future is now
Future is now
Kuroshio Sea NFT - 2nd largest aquarium in the world
Kuroshio Sea NFT - 2nd largest aquarium in the world
Kuroshio Sea NFT - 2nd largest aquarium in the world
ERC20 token sent to Voyager Ethereum Wallet Help needed
Kuroshio Sea - NFT - 2nd largest aquarium in the world
Kuroshio Sea - NFT - 2nd largest aquarium in the world - NFT
Difference between BTC and ETH transactions (funds only)
Kuroshio Sea - 2nd largest aquarium in the world - NFT
What are the benefits of DeFi over current mainstream lending systems?
Gifting ETH to staff
I messed up through lack of understanding. Tried to mint 999 tokens and it's 'dropped'
Webinar: Automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender 🎦 Defender product demo 💡 Lowering user risk with Defender and Contracts 🛡️ DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps) 🗣️ Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
Old Video on Crypto and Ethereum
Request for Help Understanding Contract Transaction
Request for Help Understanding ETH Transaction... Did I Get Scammed???
Need Help Please
One of the main concerns revolving #NFTs are liquidity. How do you pass it on if it has no buyers? 📺 In this week's #TuesdayTutorial we go over NFT20, a platform allowing users to swap, trade and sell NFTs. Watch now.
Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC) MasterClass
Opensea!!!!
Tokamak Network - A Platform that assures decentralized and secure property the same as Ethereum Main chain while supporting a high level of scalability and extendability.
New Ethereum-Based Derivatives Trading Platform Wins EU's MIFID License
Hi guys, they HACKED MY Bfriend’s ACCOUNT IN METAMASK, stole 14 ETH!!! Can you pls chack this guy? is moving money from wallet to wallet! This is the hacker address: 0x5F91A4f42747129f14371D89b7C1b9759dc73e79 Please help us to get it back 🙏🏼
Metamask hacked account
Question: Can you run an eth node for gas fees without mining transactions?
FAIR AND FREE PUMP GROUP
DAO Refunds
eip-1559
Bitwise Chief Investment Officer sees a vision where Ethereum’s Uniswap replaces the NYSE
3 questions about buying ETH. When? How much? Where to store?
Finally got my risers and first real mining rig
How DO I SELL ERC-20 Token - Space coin
support eip 1559!!!!
Noob question about transfer fees
Ethereum (ETH) Launched On Amazon Managed Blockchain
Startup Pivots to Blockchain, Claims You Wouldn't Understand
Startup Pivots to Blockchain, Claims You Wouldnât Understand
Announcing General Availability of Ethereum on Amazon Managed Blockchain
Created my first NFT. I call it Socially Distanced.
Cryptomoviearts awaiting ur Offers!
Announcing General Availability of Ethereum on Amazon Managed Blockchain
can someone come up with a concrete roadmap for what's happening with Ethereum right now ?
How does ethereum work exactly?
How to transfer binance smart chain pegged ethereum to ethereum that is mainnet compatible? (United States ie can’t use bridge)
Kraken Staking
Optimism vs Matic
district0x Dev Update - March 2nd, 2021
I just bought my first NFT and I'm really excited about it! I got into crypto through doge and have now become interested in ETH. Thank you Ethereum!!
Staking function on Kraken
Overview of EIP-2315 for Berlin upgrade by Greg Colvin
Grayscale Purchases 3,347 ETH In The Last 24 hours
Ethereum vs Cardano simple explained
Will EIP 1559 happen or will miners block it ?
What is Liquidity Providing? A Crypto Guide | APY.Vison
Can't access Ethereum on Ethereum wallet
New Ether-backed ETP will be listed on the SIX Swiss Exchange under the ticker ETHE.
How low can we expext ethereum to fall at some time ?
Ethereum generated more than $181 BILLION in transaction volumes in February 2021
Weak statelessness and/or state expiry: coming soon (x-post from EthMagicians)
ESP February Roundup
With NFT on the rise, is it legal to buy and sell art depicting celebrities/athletes etc?
It's not NFTs you don't understand, it's art.
Time to buy and stack luxcoin !
Hudson Jameson Hosting Ethereum + Zcash Cross-Pollination Session Mar. 4th!
The merge might be happening sooner than people expect
Staking
Future is now - My first NFT
Royalties for artists from NFTs associated with physical artwork
Future is now
That moon money is mine! (ETH not stocks)
The Absolute Beginner’s Guide to Cryptocurrency Investing
Few questions regarding HiveOS
NDM (Nethermind Data Marketplace) - a guide for data consumers
What's happened to paper wallet creation?
🎉 700k members at r/ethereum! Huge milestone 🎉
Decentralized discord alternative?
END DAY  
🚨 Listen Up Retards! $SOS DD from a (C-Word Banned For Some Reason) Maniac! Shines More Light on How Manipulative the Net Short Hedge Funds like Melvin can Act for a Profit! 🚀
Ethereum Market Price Update
Proof of Stake Computing Power?
Need Help! Ethereum Holding Problem
I NEED HELP!! SOMEONE GOOD IN THE WORLD?
Hello Guys, What’s a decent hardware wallet out there with a cheap price.
is jaxx.io safe
How long would this take?
I’ve personally found some research and developed interest on pi coin. Could rival bitcoin in the upcoming future. You can also mine it free right now.
Join the waitlist for the BlockFi credit card with my link and we’ll both start earning soon.
Staking rewards for your own node vs 3rd party
No, no I can not.
Binance Smart Chain's Musical Beats, Alleged Ethereum Copycat, Shuts Down Days After Launch
Amazon Adds Ethereum Support To AWS
Deploy Ethereum Proof of Authority Consortium template on Azure... ? Will MSFT follow suit of Amazon?
Connect Users To Layer 2 Networks With The MetaMask Custom Networks API
Yield Guild Games (YGG) Raises $1.3M To Invest In Gaming NFTs
Voyager referral- post your own in the comments
I think adopting Etheruem for president voting is really nice
Welcome to the Future
Is this legit or should I stay away?
Gas to GWEI Conversion Question
Interesting Ethereum Use Case? GoFundMe 2.0
When Ethereum 2.0?
Wallets
Can someone explain what happened here?
Ethereum miners surpassed $1 billion in rewards for the first time in February
Where can I learn of upcoming Ethereum feature launches such as dates?
Is this for real?
Join us over at r/CryptoCurrencyStBets where MOONS and MEMES will reign
Why You Shouldn't Use PayPal For Crypto
Need some pointers for detailed rinkeby analysis
🎙️In our podcast, we interviewed 3LAU, one of the world’s top DJs, who is also at the forefront of the intersection between music and crypto. 3LAU recently broke the record for highest-selling single NFT at auction, with the sale of his tokenized Ultraviolet album for $11.M.
Does it make sense to buy into the support chains for ETH or is that just me?
MyCrypto has implemented support for xDai chain!
Debut NFT: (1/1) original Eno-inspired ambient music / video synthesis on Rarible after four years of crypto music.
When will ethereum stand alone?
InsurAce Raises $3M in Round Led by Alameda &amp; HashKey - The Defiant - DeFi News
DeFi Pulse Index Adds Sushi - The Defiant - DeFi News
Ethereum 2.0 and Ethereum Classic
Kings of Leon Will Be the First Band to Release an Album as an NFT
Enjin Launches Two NFT Scaling Solutions - The Defiant - DeFi News
Gaming Giant Ubisoft Partners With NFT Platform Sorare - The Defiant - DeFi News
Compound Wants to Enable Cross-Chain Borrowing - The Defiant - DeFi News
🎙️In today's Defiant: ⛓️ @compoundfinance releases details of Gateway chain 🤝@Ubisoft partners w/ #NFT platform Sorare ⚖️@enjin plans two NFT scaling solution lanches 🍣#DeFi Pulse Index adds SUSHI 💸@insur_ace raises $3M round led by @AlamedaResearch &amp; @HashKeyGroup Read👇🏼
Webull code
Voyager code
Need advice because I want to start making money
help! BEP ETH tokens sent to a ledger by mistake
👩‍💻 Workshop Recap: Cheap contract deployment through Clones (minimal proxies); Led by Hadrien Croubois - Smart Contract Engineer at OpenZeppelin. Watch the video recording; Try the code from the workshop.
nft discord
This is 1000% a must read. Anyone interested in crypto/blockchain especially ethereum will love this book.
This is 1000% a must read. Anyone interested in crypto/blockchain especially ethereum will love this book.
This is 1000% a must read. Anyone interested in crypto/blockchain especially ethereum will love this book.
This is 1000% a must read. Anyone interested in crypto/blockchain especially ethereum will love this book.
My open source app is now accepting ETH donations! Get your name and link of your choice on our donors page! Also, the crypto that’s raises the most will have a lifetime add across our app!
As Crypto Markets Plunge $400 Billion, Coinbase Reveals Major Bitcoin And Ethereum Price Risks.
Cock and Ball Portrait Sells For $7.6 Million on NFT Marketplace
The Associated Press is auctioning off a one-off Ethereum NFT artwork to commemorate calling the Presidential Election on Ethereum. In the future, every historic event will be called on Ethereum and archived with NFTs.
Swapping coins without eth
Noob question about Staking ETH on Coinbase
Expectations for backwards-incompatible changes / removal of features that may come soon
New to NFT, but not to Art
Is ethereum a coin?
Most privacy-oriented Eth wallet with HW wallet support?
dumbART: Just another stupid NFT? or is it...
Dumbest NFT account of all time.... dumbART
Dumbest NFT account of all time....
Ethereum now available on Amazon Managed Blockchain
AMAZING Guide for Writing Smart Contracts!!
Liquidity gateway in the NFT ecosystem —the Pandora way
My first NFT was listed on Foundation today!
EthHub Weekly #155: EIP-1559 community call, Tether settlement, Optimistic Ethereum launches in March, dYdX layer 2 enters alpha, MEV explorer released and Vitalik’s proposal to remove gas token minting
Best gamess on Ethereum?
What will Ethereum be by end of the year?
Can someone please explain; are Ethereum transactions validated through nodes similar to Bitcoin? However transactions are validated does this work across ethereum based dapps and tokens? For example is Braves BAT token validated on the ethereum network by nodes?
What will ETH hit by end of year? DISCUSSION!
My Ethereum Wallet and Rarible?
Ethereum taking from one address to another.
App to track ETH network fees?
Next best investment?
I’m trying to upload artwork to OpenSea but the fees are too high, is there anyway around this?
NFT ART (CRYPTO ART) 🔥
my coin disappeared using uniswap and portis
my coin disappeared after bought with uniswap and portis wallet any idea why?
my coins disappeared??? I bought with uniswap for almost 1000usd but cant see my coin ???
Interview by Swiss Prof. in Distributed Ledger Technology (Blockchain) / FinTech about DeFi and Smart Contracts
Geth v1.10.0 out! Snapshots, snap sync, pruning and more!
Is there anything stopping Ethereum from introducing the technological advancements from Solana to improve transactions rate and reduce fees?
Can I sync a wallet between devices?
I took out a crypto loan today, denominated in euros, with crypto as collateral. And (hopefully) this week I am going to a dealership in Calgary to buy a used car with it. They are okay with getting the entire amount in crypto.
What does ethereum use the processing power for?
Identity Management with Numio
CryptoKitties Trading Volume Suddenly Grows 2300%
The Disadvantages of Synthetic Assets
Zero Knowledge Episode 170: Hardware for ZKPs &amp; VDFs with Supranational
Sorare is amazing!!
Where can I sell my HODLETH license plates?
Enjin to Tackle Soaring Gas Fees, Scaling With New Blockchain Products
Looking for a temporary exchange to buy ETH for a validator
Enjin announces new NFT scaling solution JumpNet
NFTs keeping ethereum afloat
Yesterdays NFTuesday Free NFT giveaway! brought to you by KevinOnEarth999. Follow for more opportunities to get yourself a piece of the metaverse! Subscribe for your chance to win!
Yesterdays NFTuesday Free NFT giveaway! brought to you by KevinOnEarth999. Follow for more opportunities to get yourself a piece of the metaverse! Subscribe for your chance to win!
Recover Ether wallet (MEW)
Solidity v0.8.2 is out! It adds an optimizer stage that can inline small amounts of code to save gas and provides more means to work with code documentation by exporting inline comments and allowing custom natspec tags.
A Guide to The Top 5 Ethereum 2.0 (ETH 2.0) Staking Pools
Top 10 NFT Crypto Projects You Should Know
How many shards could the beacon chain serve without getting too big?
Gas fees to blockfi.
How is it possible to buy ETH directly, but not Bitcoin?
Can Thrash BTC in the next coming weeks🤡(Check out ETHBTC Chart)
PLEASE HELP!!! FRIEND ACCOUNT HACKED!!
Everybody talks about the NFT. What's that?
How to decode data from Ethereum block chain for developers
Decode data for DApps etherium/binance
How to decode data from etherium/binance block chain for developers
EMSA
Hey everyone! My NFT “une chat dans une baignoire” from my first collection “new reality collection 1”. Let me know what you think?
Are we still allowed to whore our crypto art on here? Well if so I minted my first NFT! I'm still confused about Gas, why it cost $35... and I bet nobody buys it, but why not give it a shot right? 🤩
Mark Cuban wants to introduce ticketing on blockchain as NFT's to NBA - GET protocol is already doing it on Ethereum
If you had 1000 euros to invest, would you invest in Ethereum right now?
Ubisoft and Sorare launch 5-week One Shot League
Vitalik Buterin Proposes Cross-Rollup Scaling Solution. Here’s why it’s great for Ethereum (ETH) Price
Transaction fee vs Gas?
Ethereum cloud mining? Anyone know and experienced with it? And is it worth?
Bought some eth at 1.1k, it's 1.3k now and just made back my fees
Ethereum Flips Strong Resistance Levels as Price Eyes $2,000-Retest
Smart contract ideas
API to fetch Locked Assets
Gensler hearing: Not only XRP, is Ethereum also a target of the SEC?
How do you actually make a smart contract on the ethereum network?
Evolution, innovation, challenges in decentralised finance ( defi ) &amp; solution for scalability
Tokenizing a painting on Ethereum
Face Mask NFT
Selling Art for Crypto
What is Optimism?
How do you feel about all of these NFTs? ‘Ethereum Coin’ - NonFungibleToken Via Project OpenSea
How do you feel about all of these NFTs? ‘Ethereum Coin’ - Graphite on Paper, 5”x 7”, March 2021, Non Fungible Token by Young Vinci
Ethereum name origin
Why is solidity used by many even though it is Turing complete thus posing security risks ??
How much is Layer 2 really going to help?
Trouble finding a particular eth dapp project.
Gensler hearing: Not only XRP, is Ethereum also a target of the SEC?
MyEthereumMixer.com only available on surface web
Ethereum
Cheat Sheet 2021
I am selling myself as an NFT.
I make an NFT of our lord and savior, this is fun anyone else making NFT? Share em!
Special Atomic wallet giveaway
HODL HODL HODL
Hi guys love ETH and heavily invested but when Is 2.0 coming? Thanks!
READ THIS IF YOU OWN CRYPTO OR NFT
Ethereum Technical Analysis for March 3, 2021 - ETH
New item demons in my head a painting that I did at a hard time in my life I hope you all like it painting 1/1.
NFTs are the latest trend in the crypto sphere. After the huge success of DEFI, investors are betting on NFT Tokens for higher returns. Let’s understand in detail, what is this hype all about.
If you're looking for the next game to play, Gods Unchained is giving away $20 to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. If you enter this code when signing up: yOwkLoSIcx I get $5 too! https://godsunchained.com/learn/spgp?referral=yOwkLoSIcx
If you're looking for the next game to play, Gods Unchained is giving away $20 to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. If you enter this code when signing up: yOwkLoSIcx I get $5 too!
Invest in telcoin
What is ethereums token adress?
Top30 Gambling Dapps Eco by 30d Volume 🥇 Ethereum $200.82M, No.1 dice2win $192.09M
That time I bought ethereum for $10.48 per coin.
END DAY  
ETH: Technology Play or Store of Value?
Can I make an NFT out of a picture that I'm using in a print on demand design?
Can I make an NFT out of a picture that I'm using in a print on demand design?
Supporting Adam
Ok I'm wanting to buy $25k worth of either Ethereum or ADA. Why should I choose Ethereum?
Posting ETH address online?
If you sell, someone will buy.
How much can I expect in gas fees for this? Approving cost $8 and thought that was it. Minting is $55, what about the last 2 steps?
Gain 0.5 ETH when logging in and then gain 0.2 ETH for each referral! Let’s get that coin!📈🔥
Alpha(ish) leakage on Dracula Protocol
[DISCUSSION] Will NFTs create a faster Ethereum growth?
Cardano can never be fundamentally decentilized as long as Hoskinson fosters his cult following
Grayscale Is Buying More And More Ethereum, Adding 19,355 ETH To Their Ethereum Trust in 7 days
Make free spend crypto
Tokamak Network DAO Vault token burn
German public service television podcast: What if there is only Bitcoin and no more fiat and banks?!
Mousse: An Ethereum 2.0 Emulator for Local Testing of Eth2 Applications
New collection of NFTs approved on OpenSea!
Texas Neanderthal’s. Even Kennedy’s bust didn’t like the comments!
Burned Banksy NFT Sets Art And Crypto Worlds Alight
Introducing CryptoTracker!
Ethereum Developer Shares Details of the Changes That Are Coming With Berlin Hard Fork
Uncle Dunce Cramer
Is it still possible to recover DAO eth?
Elrond vs Ethereum, Cardano, Polka Dot, Avalanche!! 🔥🔥🔥
🚨 Join our workshop: Service Monitoring &amp; Automated Emergency Response with OpenZeppelin Defender; Learn how to: Respond faster to smart contract exploits; Set up 24/7 service monitoring with Defender Sentinels; Streamline manual &amp; automated emergency response; 📆 11 March, noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
🚨 Join our workshop: Service Monitoring &amp; Automated Emergency Response; Learn how to: Respond faster to smart contract exploits; Set up 24/7 service monitoring with Defender Sentinels; Streamline manual &amp; automated emergency response; 📆 Thursday 11 March, noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
Global Insurance Heavyweight Launching Blockchain Pilot on Public Ethereum
12 Token Metrics You Should Know [Bankless]
How does Mintable gasless minting work?
Thoughts on Otoco.io
We lend it, trade it, save it.. 🤑 MONEY💰 But have you stopped to think about what it really is? Where it comes from? Check out episode 1 of the School of Block series we have teamed up with @Ledger to produce. 📺 Watch now, subscribe &amp; share. ⏬
🔥BIG ANNOUNCEMENT🔥 @DefiantNews has teamed up with @Ledger &amp; we are serving you with a weekly new series called School of Block. This week's episode examines what money REALLY is, and how crypto fits into the equation. 📺 Watch now, subscribe &amp; share. ⏬
Canadian trading platform
/r/ethereum hit 700k subscribers yesterday
Ethereum 2.0 transaction fees?
Show Reddit: SpaceX shares tokenized as a pre-IPO Defi Token
Are there any insurance companies that provide for crypto related software services?
Anybody wishing to learn more about student coin is encouraged to do so. Please use the link in this post and it will direct you to the STC initial coin offering!
A little Hopium for everyone
Aavegotchi NFT Drop Sells Out in Under One Minute - The Defiant - DeFi News
Some kind of transfer error?
Amazon Makes Hosting An Ethereum Node Easier - The Defiant - DeFi News
A Quick Guide To Accelerators Funding NFT Startups - The Defiant - DeFi News
DeFi Rebounds After Bleak February - The Defiant - DeFi News
coinstructor.io now offers 0.01 ETH for each erc20 token deployment with affiliate partner program
March Mod Announcements 📣 Note on NFT Art Posts, Active / New Mods, Resource List
Just yesterday I received 0.10759813btc from the Enjin Web Wallet. I've been benefitting from it for a while now but yesterdays own was massive and also they are giving out 70btc to all customers who have logged in to the Enjin Website. You can't afford to miss it. Link Below
I got ya homie!
RX6800 + Phoenix miner.. 30 compute units?
Art and NFT
NFT tweet tokens
Zero Knowledge Proofs (ZKP) Masterclass
What is the difference between a cryptocurrency wallet and an exchange
How to Sell a Game on an NFT platform?
I hope the situation improves soon
Is now a good time to buy
ERC20 standard ELI5 (for beginners and non-developers)
Looking for Developer Feedback
Thеre is a Youtuber callеd "Leоn Fаrаday" that lеarns еvеrywееk а new skill. Нis rеlаtives рassеd аwаy whеn hе was 14, hе mаkes vidеos about оwn expеrienсe оf mastеring new skills аnd anоthеr videоs for peoplе tо kееp mоtivatiоn to lеаrn аnd try nеw things, becаuse wе have оnly one lifе !
Thеrе is а Youtuber cаllеd "Leоn Faradаy" thаt leаrns everywееk a new skill. Нis relativеs рassed awаy whеn hе wаs 14, hе mаkes videоs аbоut оwn ехpеrienсe of mastеring new skills and аnоther videоs fоr pеоple tо keep motivаtiоn tо lеarn and try new things, bеcause we havе оnly one lifе
Local Grants Honduras &amp; Colombia Roundup [ENG/ESP]
NYC Painter and RISD MFA Grad Posts First NFT on Open Sea! https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/83917463334767730557820563823501673863346819321888394908070498435248882188289
Grayscale Ethereum Trust ETHE selling below Eth price
L2 Season is on 🔥! Zerion now support tracking for all balances on Polygon (ex Matic)
Can't deposit funds from avvegotchi
How can we contribute to ETH development?
Karma SOS
Crypto, Stocks &amp; Bonds Are Plunging As Powell Fails To Deliver
How to loan yourself 8 quintillion dollars
“PayPal's crypto unit is experimenting with smart contracts, and testing Ethereum and other blockchains as potential candidates to help the company improve payments and other transactions.”
“PayPal's crypto unit is experimenting with smart contracts, and testing Ethereum..."
Should I ditch Litebit?
Welcome to the Future
Welcome to the Future
Introducing SEFI: Native Governance Token for the Secret DeFi Ecosystem
Should I ditch litebit.eu?
Jack Du Rose (founder of Colony) &amp; Mattison Asher (ConsenSys) are cohosting an Clubhouse AMA about DAOs &amp; Decentralized Governance. This Friday 7:30am PST
[HELP] Cannot swap DDS for ETH
State of Stake vol. 44
I am Richie Lai, Co-Founder of Bittrex, and today I am joined by the Founders of Bittrex, Bill and Rami to discuss all things Bitcoin, Bittrex, and more!
Myetherwallet private key
ETH txn fees and the long term impacts...
How Layer 2 solutions solve high gas fees on Ethereum
Finally Uploaded My First NFT Art
Aave CEO Says Yield Farming “Craze” Is Coming to an End
Minted my first NFTs. Please check them out.
Best use cases of blockchain technology not yet implemented?
I finally uploaded my first NFT art. Let me know what you think
Protocol Embedded Staking – A New Way of Stabilizing Crypto Tokens - SuperCryptoNews
Any resemblance with the reality is mere coincidence
Nft's transferred to different blockchain?
🚨 think twice 🚨
NFT ERC20 NEWS: Banksy and Magic Johnson
Will Ethereum be Technological Bet or Store of Value?
Yo, get your free skin with code "free100cc"
How do I get started making cash off of non-fungible tokens?
Fair price discovery for fair token auctions.
Denex | Key Platform Features
Ethereum cash
Bitcoin and Ethereum slow down as transaction values and fees plunge 70%
Needed for hire~ **DIGITAL ARTISTS TO COLLABORATE WITH PHYSICAL ARTISTS FOR NFT’S***
Mining on a 1050
Just a little help please
Thread by Georgios Konstantopoulos on Berlin hard fork contents
Is there a list of all locked ETH?
What is this pi crypto coin? Is it for real or just a joke.
What is this pi crypto coin? Is it for real or just a joke.
What is this pi crypto coin? Is it for real or just a joke.
What is this pi crypto coin? Is it for real or just a joke.
This fear of missing out is what causes people to buy at the top or hold during a dip after making profits (only to lose some or all of their profits again).
Can I know the IP address of an ethereum address ???
Binance Futures Tutorial. This Is A Complete Guide On How To Trade On Binance Futures, And Every Detail Is Explained In This Video.
5 reasons ethereum is the future of finance
Discussions - Enjin will release two solutions to support the NFT market and reduce commissions in Ethereum
Discussions - Enjin will release two solutions to support the NFT market and reduce commissions in Etherium
I just bought my first crypto currency
Why are NFT's intresting
Can smart contracts be developed to support businesses that require Trust accounts?
Place to burn crypto in one click. Really?
Stake ETH on Binance Smart Chain using ANKR Staking!
I have created a step by step guide for the people who are new to ETH and the market in general on how to buy with the lowest possible fees.
https://minepi.com/antrikos16. Use antrikos 16 to the invitation code
vaccination proof
ETHER has A LOT OF competitors.
Half of the professionals trust cryptocurrency
I've been inspired by Beeple!
The next ETH killer.
first NFT. What do you think
What are some companies that help artists issue NFTs?
Is Binance taking piss with the fees or this is normal?
Ethereum Technical Analysis for March 4, 2021 - ETH
Why is it getting more difficult to mine ETH
Research about DAOs
Just saw that crypto.com is one of Aston Martins sponsors in F1. As F1 is one of the most expensive sports in the world, that’s pretty exiting.
Phone designed for DApps
5 Best Ethereum Hardware Wallet 2021!
Scaling is here: ImmutableX soon to be launched for God's Unchained
Beginner question about NFTs
My mid february prediction was sadly very accurate
NFT begginer question
Finally, i'll put my Eth to ledger now
Eth wtf
Finally people starting to see what Ethereum has to offer
List GWEI in $USD as well
Airdrop opportunity maybe?
[Fan Art] GENESIS.TECH
Mark Cuban has invested in Mintable - his first investment in an NFT platform on Ethereum
[Fan Art] GENESIS.TECH
Interesting uses for Ether and other Cryptos in current day
I listed my Metaverse Robotics #1 NFT’s on Foundation.
Ethermine.org unpaid balance needed
END DAY  
Game Changing NFT👇.. Its Now or Never
How does L2 keep the security of Ethereum?
Trade Uniswap, Kyber &amp; Oasis in real-time through one order book: Bi-monthly Report of dex.blue
Is RTX 3060 TI 8gb also nerfed?
Is ACA (Age Coin Accumulation) the worst mechanism in regards to sustainability and social equity consensus? Did ETH get it wrong?
What Are Gas Fees? | CoinMarketCap
WHEN WILL ETH FEES GO DOWN
Bear Vs Bull
Jack Du Rouge (Founder of Colony) &amp; Mattison S (Consensus) Are Cahosting n Clavuse M About Fault &amp; Decentralized Governance. This Friday at 6:30 p.m.
need help from atomic wallet users (if any lol)
Chart showing how much ETH people hold
Downsides of Proof of Stake?
ENS: No way to set up reverse record?
Swiss crypto app makes buying selling swapping easy with large community on reddit telegram twitter .100x better faster and reliable than coin base blockchain .joinup help make this in the top 50
The Ethereum flag has been put on Mount Everest, and turned into an NFT! Pretty cool right?
Small ETH miner(: not big but ideal to start a portfolio (:
Are you worried about the latest price drop in ETHEREUM?
Worried about the recent #ETHEREUM #ETH price drop?
Is Ethereum a good idea to hodl?
For all the Crypto Parents that put Cocomelon to babysit while you trade
Every article is “what are NFTs” and no articles are “how/where to buy NFTs” help?
Ethereum now offered on AWS infrastructure
Ethereum vs Cardano
Ethereum Confined Between $1,300 and $1,600 as Sellers Threaten to Short
Binance Chain Project Performs Exit Scam For $31 Million
END DAY  
END DAY  
Ethereum to become a deflationary asset? EIP-1559
[VIDEO] Cryptopunks and NFTs in Ethereum
DeFi Robinhood?
Staking or yield farming
No KYC - ETH Using MetaMask From NEW YORK?
Sent some Ethereum today
Why has ethereum been rising for the last 3 days? Also, where can I go re: that same question in general, whenever I see a trend?
how remove DevFee of Phoemix miner in Ethermine
Iconic Vines NFT is now live!
Bought cryptos and never received them
Ledger preprogrammed recovery phrase
Ethereum to the moon 🚀
What are the best NFT sites for Musicans to sell their music?
For all ETH &amp; NFT lovers.
Need some help moving ethereum
Is EIP 1559 good for miners?
Software Firm Meitu Buys $22M of Ether, $17.9M Bitcoin for Its Treasury
I decided to invest in NFTs... from a different angle.
Kicks bull on 15 min chart **slides hand down pants**
Best website to sell your NFTs on?
My First NFT Art (link in comments)
Hitbtc does not give money to a trader with cancer.
Chinese Company Meitu, adds approx $ 22m in ETh and 390 BTC to their balance sheet.
When is the right time to invest ?
Crypto Manifesto
Which is the best wallet for mining directly..
EIP-1559 story on front page of Bloomberg! Author won’t #SayEthereum tho.
I own 15 ETH and a big fan of crypto and Ether. I am also a writer who own 2 rescued dogs. One of them is "Ziggy" who got burned, tortured and starved almost to death. So, if you're also animal lovers who wants to bring awareness to animal cruelty please visit share his book at: WWW.ZIGGYGLOBAL.COM
Ethereum Dapps used in regular day to day life
How do you send messages?
How to transfer funds from a geth account?
Ethereum fees are skyrocketing — But traders have alternatives
RECLAIMING ETH FROM BINANCE CHAIN
How dangerous is Phoenix miner.
END DAY  
Priorities ETH to 30,000k
Worlds First NFT Drumkit (CryptoCash Drumkit - Bobby Revenue)
Can someone please explain how the data integrity in the Merkle Patricia Trie is verified?
Ethereum Price Predictions: 2021 and Beyond
Bit by bit over the past two months, I became a proud owner of 1 ETH!🥳🎉 I did my first purchase for $100 when it was half of the current price and my latest purchase was for $500 right before the dip two weeks ago 🥲 It’s only thanks to Reddit that I didn’t panic sell everything already, thank you!❤️
[TOMORROW] Music artist 3LAU joins Bankless live tomorrow to discuss his $12M NFT sale and what his thoughts on Ethereum and the space. Tap link for notifications.
Ah I missing something
Cardano Is Now Nearly 100% Decentralized
Ethereum to 30k?
Best option for buying Ethereum
Regarding the Possible PhoenixMiner Compromise
Uncommon Core put out a good overview of 1559 with interesting analysis of its impact on users and miners
Unforgeable Costliness Tokens (UCTKs)
Ethereum Developer Shares How EIP-1559 and PoS Accrue Value to ETH
Bit by bit over the past two months, I became a proud owner of 1 ETH today 🥳🎉
Old Macbook has 3 ETH in MetaMask - forgot password, any way to recover?
ETH Miner
ETH MOVEMENT !!!
When will Ether be Independent from BTC?
Having issue moving district0x and NU to wallet from coin base?
NFT Hub: A digital museum to exhibit the most interesting NFTs
Is 2 ETH significant enough to warrant a hardware wallet? As a working man I’ve only been able to buy in fragments lol
Stake ETH somewhere besides an exchange?
[Guide] All you need to know about EIP-1559, and more
Destigmatizing the Blockchain: Sex Workers in NFT CryptoArt - The Defiant - DeFi News
Found a free mining software and it’s working for me thought people may want it
Pow vs PoS and why 32 eth to become validator?
Please help! Need help selling
With NFTs going crazy I'm interviewing some artists!
Where to buy w/o ID?
Is There Any Merit in Developing a NFT Based App While Gas Prices Are So High?
51% Mining “attack”
Finally did it guys! Created my first ever NFT
PSA: If you haven't figured out what you're doing with your crypto-currency taxes, you should seriously get on it ASAP.
Not to mention EIP1559, ETH2.0, PoS, and much more
Zero to One: Notes about Innovation on Ethereum -- Ben Roy
Making the ecosystem more light-client friendly
CHOO CHOO
Regarding wallets
Wallets
These next 2 years will put ETH at 20k
Back over $1800+ baby! 🚀🚀🚀
Thanks to Atomic Wallet for recognizing it's Wallet Users this length season. Incase you don't know, Atomic Wallet Yearly distribution is now Officially Launched! I have benefited from this offer thereby telling ours to participate too. Plenty BTC to be shared.
New Etherium Order
I was confronted over the environmental concerns regarding NFTs and how it was 'compromising' my art. Any thoughts?
Hello everybody, I make paintings of medieval knights and in the last month I fell hard into the ethereum rabbit hole, I just got very excited about the project and it's possibilities, said excitement inspired me to paint this, the might Ether Knight
Companies Focusing on NFTs for VR and AR
Non-Fungible Tokens: An Explanation
I have an ethereum ETF tracker on a broker (i know i know, most of it in a wallet, but never closed this). With the fork, what will happen?
Not the ETH I was referring to
what would be the gwei price during congestion after EIP 1559?
ETC Group Launches Ethereum Exchange-traded Product on German-based Xetra
Stock exchange-listed photo app Meitu acquires $ 40 million in bitcoin and ether
airdrop2021 🔥🔥50$$$ada
WISE TOKEN
Ether seems to be rising right now, should I hold off and hope for a dip or just buy now and hodl, im looking to invest for the long term.
Do you stake or lend your crypto? Would you pay 1-2% of your earned APY for a decentralized insurance to protect against hacks/loss/business failure?
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News
Need help - Restoring Ethereum from 2017 smart contract
What will happen to my ETH when ETH 2.0 comes out?
Interesting how they draw the Ethereum logo
Most expensive NFT? and no this doesn't seem like art LOL
Why is ETH staking on Coinbase not open to NY state?
Am I dumb not to invest in BTC?
Ethereum Exchange
Search partial ETH address
Will ETH rise like btc in 2 weeks?
My wife is starting the NFT's!
Tried to do logo - Illustrator
How likely is a scenario where post EIP-1559 a floating rate “miner-tip” becomes quasi-mandatory?
Tried to make logo - Illustrator
tried to make the logo - Illustrator
As a miner, how do I prepare for the big 2.0?
Quantfury Get free ethereum/bitcoin or stock share worth up to $250/€250/£250
My first NFT post, “Lebron the Lion 🦁” anyone interested in purchasing it? It’s the only copy available on the planet 1 of 1!
Binance US Ether Address has ERC-20 coins that are stuck . Please help
Blockzero Labs Opens $25,000 Bug Bounty for Flashstake v2 Protocol
GlobalBiT_IPO-(Outlined Infrastructure)
Mining Installation Serivces
Business Blaze talking about NFTs
What can I mine with these!?
Greetings from Intergalactic Gaming!
Ethereum Berlin upgrade is coming soon! Read more about the EIPs included.
Ethereum network upgrade that will destroy coins could cause 'explosive growth' in the ether price, experts say
This is How Free Trades Brokers Like eToro and Robinhood Make Money Off You Trading
We all hear about the stock market, stocks, market crash... but how does it really works?!
How does this guy/bot make 0 gas fee trades on UniSwap?
Made a Kaiju collectible card NFT collection if anyone is interested :)
The Legend of Porkchop NFT collection. Tiny girl cat who showed up out of a cornfield.
Ethereum Berlin Upgrade Announcement
Do you think ETH 2.0 will be enough?
Started my first NFT art auction with Ethereum!
Does anyone want to buy ethereumshards.com? Pay in ETH or BTC only
Can anyone dumb it down for me - getting your art on Nifty Gateway (bracing for abuse!)
Am I an idiot for not having any BTC?
What's your opinion about the industry?
What are people's thoughts around Ethereum becoming a direct competitor for Bitcoin following the 2.0 upgrade?
Uniswap V3: Can It Help the Crypto Space Become Healthier?
Verisign won a US patent for blockchain-powered domain names. What are the implications?
Not NFT, just wanted to show everyone my ETH artwork.
StakeWise raises $2 million to make Ethereum 2.0 staking easier
StakeWise raises $2 million to make Ethereum 2.0 staking easier
Next time you read mainstream media dissing DeFi and Crypto, revisit this throwback
The most expensive version of Conway's Game of Life - running on the Ethereum Blockchain
We are building an app to elegantly view all of your NFTs in one place!!! Who is interested?
Active user wallets on Ethereum DeFi have dipped 40% in one month
Blockchain solves Prisoners dilemma (game theory) by allowing two individuals trust each other.
ETH Whales Hold Nearly 70% of the Total Supply
Exchange is as important as trading knowledge
Winning traders go for the meat of the move.
Sick Of exchange trading fees and lags on exchange app then try binance.(refferal)
END DAY  
Holy crap - Vitalik, sort this BS out - 14 DAI, to make a 25 DAI transfer....!!!!
Noob question: Is there a difference between mining a block and executing a dapp's code?
my 2nd NFT SpaceCatz No.1 Catstronaut Armstrong - One small step for a cat, one giant litterbox for Catkind!
Investment question
With the fee burn, at least a large portion of it....I picture a world of negative or close to zero, issuance...because of this, no worry’s with cap supply...Thus, creating long term value that no one thinks about! Thoughts?
Vitalik on The Tim Ferriss show!
Alpha Alarm Leak: The battle of the DEXes ft. PancakeSwap, Uniswap, Quickswap, and Pangolin
Alpha Alarm -- a dedicated resource to leak alpha insights across chains, DeFi, and NFTs
Can ethereum go down alot?
Knives out
Is Ethereum the groundwork for an internet 2.0?
dropped my first-ever NFT on Foundation - "THE LAST COMPACT DISC"
Ethereum Will Hard Fork Soon - Here's What's New!
NFTs on Ethereum May Not Be Sustainable: TRON Provides Alternative
4 cryptocurrencies left Bitcoin behind in appreciation
Diamondhedge Sub and ethereum members
Help with an old wallet! I found a wallet from 2017 that had some spare tenx token. When I click on the tenx tokens on etherscan it shows there are other tokens associated to that contract are these mine? And if so how can I claim them to get them in my wallet
I’ve just started to invest in Crypto. I think ethereum is the horse I bet on. However I only can afford a few thousand (Canadian) to start. Is it worth investing in a small portion or ETH or should I try to invest in a lower cost Crypto?
BITCOIN potential reversal/crash warning off 0.786 FIB level - remember the market likes to hurt retail investors! Maximum likely bottom $38794.
Is this a BURN address? (HOGE)
Solution to scale Ethereum '100X’ is imminent and will get us through until Eth2: Vitalik
Chris Carroll - Hyperballad (Official Music Video)
$1200
EIP 1559’s lack of compassion
KOBE BRYANT GIVEAWAY ON MY TWITTER FOR MY NEW NFT
KOBE BRYANT GIVEAWAY ON MY TWITTER FOR MY NEW NFT
Can someone explain the transferability of NFT's? If I buy an NFT on one site/marketplace, does it stay there? How does that work?
How to get TERC (USDC, USDT, etc.) token on Kovan Testnet?
Blockzero Labs: Bringing the next generation of decentralized projects
Plain Old Fashion Theft ... That's what BSC is ... But yet ppl are buying a centralized coin...
What is your top piece of advice for an ETH novice?
Ethereum on CNBC
WARNING! Blockchain.com - Lost Funds, Bad Support, Low Reviews
Can literally anything digital become an NFT?
ETH Miner App
Easy way to explain ETH is not only a storage of value
Etherium "went missing"? Can someone help please.
First NFT on the Market!
This is ridiculous
Easiest Way to Make &amp; Sell NFTs
Free Stock
ETH ETF Coming Soon TSX
Deadmau5 NFTS
Hey just put up this NFT I made for the boys on WallStreetBets holding the line follow the link and check it out. https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/46121144364309909139476354556490504755660302168966722267620758460978893422593
(1:30m) Metamask's Genius Turned 10 MILLION Developers Into Smart-Contract Coders: Minima CTO
**slides hand in pants** 🦧🍿
The Graph and Paypal, potential partnership
Deadmau5 NFTS
Deadmau5 NFTS
Deadmau5 NFTS
Etherscan - what is behind the
More like, EtheriYUM
What happened to this transaction
Privacy-related open problem for the cryptographers: improving stealth addresses
CIO of US Global Investors Frank Holmes expects Ethereum to out-perform every major asset class in 2021
why do I need to pay money to sell NFT?
On Broadway, Manhattan. NFTs / ETH hitting mainstream 🌿
Lower user risk and automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender 💻 Learn how in our demo 🛡️ DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps) 🗣️ Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
Ways to combat bots stealing art to convert into NTFs
I'm an artist looking to partner with a trader who wants to get into minting and selling original primo NFT artworks. Anyone out there interested?
Ready for Eth 2.0?
Randomly received ~1 ETH in my wallet
Does ETH look bull right now or no? Thoughts... opinions?
Alchemy Now Supports Payment in Crypto!
ETH price under EIP-1559/ETH2
ZSJL NFT
Look what I created - an NFT :) What do you think guys? I'm not trying to sell you anything I just want some genuine feedback, but I mean... if you wanna buy it... I don't mind ;) The link to it is below
xxxnft.eth - Ethereum Name Service (ENS) | OpenSea
Why is Dorsey converting his NFT proceeds to Bitcoin for?
Environmentalists reactionary war on cryptos and in specific , NFTs
Miner Reward Pool Payout gas fees
NFTs: what are they and how do they work?
I have created a step by step guide for the people who are new to Ethereum and the market in general.
Legend 🤩
What does it take to 51% a PoS chain?
ETH is shutting down the competition for the year lol. Curtains closed.
How to Avoid ETH 2.0 Fork
Road to 1 ETHER! $eth 2021 is my year to create generational wealth. 0.57 total as of today.
Can someone PLEASE help me I've transferred WETH instead of ETH :(
Can someone PLEASE help me :(
What’s one thing about Ethereum that most people here might not know?
What ERC-721 implementations are all these NFT minting/marketplaces using?
ETH POS &amp; Graphics Card Prices
Ethereum-Based Social Network Minds Taps Into DeFi Rewards - Decrypt
Xbox-sized quantum computer at room temperature from IonQ by 2023
Big Data Protocol Amasses 10% of DeFi TVL Over the Weekend - The Defiant - DeFi News
Big Data Protocol Amasses 10% of DeFi TVL Over the Weekend - The Defiant - DeFi News
Withdrawal Delays Highlight NBA Top Shot Centralization - The Defiant - DeFi News
DODO DEX Suffers $2.1M Hack - The Defiant - DeFi News
Cover Protocol Token Dives After Yearn Breakup - The Defiant - DeFi News
Where do you get your ethereum news?
EthHub Weekly #156: EIP-1559 approved, March for Ethereum, Meitu buys more ETH than BTC, Geth v1.10.1 released, Yearn announces Partners program and YAM announces DAO House
The Wolf of Defi Lending
How long will the NFT digital art boom last?
Is this a scam or legit? Help
Test
A thought
Atari Is Building a Casino in Ethereum’s Virtual World Decentraland
Does yield farming rely on UPONLY?
Blockchain Domain NFT Sold for Record $100,000
Ethereum on Robinhood vs other Cybercurrencies (and exchanges)
Family members lost ETH in a scam, is there a chance for recovery?
Relatively new to Ethereum/crypto. How do you gain from it?
I will be selling 50 of my Ethereum today for Dogecoin.
Anyone looking into trying Voyager? Smooth and user friendly, plus your bank account deposits are usable instantly. If you sign up with my code and then trade $100, both of us will get $25 in Bitcoin which you could sell and buy Ethereum with. Good luck with your investing!! Here’s my code: 3667AE
🟡🟡🟡 Curious where to get HOPR? Here is the list we know currently 🟡🟡🟡
1080TI settings Help.
Announcing the Optimism Dai Bridge with Fast Withdrawals
Anybody know where I can buy an Ethereum flag to fly on my flagpole?
Who would pay 2 ETH for a poorly designed piece off of Adobe Illustrator?
Now the proud owner of 2 Ethereum thanks to GME profits !! Going to buy a 3rd with the stimmy check !!
ENS - Where did my ETH go?
Made this for a discussion on Twitter, thought you would like it too.
Ethereum Startup Multis is building a wallet to tackle crypto business operations
$44 miner fee! Alternatives to ETH
Chinese app Meitu bought $22.1m worth of #Ether and $17.9m worth of #Bitcoin on March 5. The Chinese appmaker appears to be the first major company to buy #ETH. Ether powers contracts and applications on the Ethereum network, and so buying it was a “logical preparation”, the company said.
How to move EASY &amp; other tokens from Ethereum to Polygon Network- A comprehensive guide
These community projects are being ported to Golem’s mainnet
What would 12 year-old you never believe about adult you?
Why I’m Going to Stop Minting NFTs (For Now)
Trading to Stable coin VS Fiat currency
1INCH Exchange &amp; Token on Ethereum – Decentralized Exchange (DEX) Aggregator – Review
Vitalik at the Tim Ferriss Show!
Ethereum Technical Analysis for March 9, 2021 - ETH
A thought.
A thought.
Coinmonks Newsletter of the Week
They accept Ethereum. Med student go crypto brrr
Could someone help me figure out a gas fee?
[Solidity question] Effective variables question.
Ethereum to Launch Berlin Mainnet Upgrade on April 14
ETHEREUM Million Dollar MOONSHOT (TOP Reason Why)
Are you mining on a pool that supports the discriminating new EEIP? Check here and change to a better one!
Matic Network Rebrands to Polygon: Seeks to Become “Polkadot on Ethereum”
DeFi and NFTs are the Future🔥
Curious newbie
Vitalik Buterin in the Tim Ferriss Show Podcast
Ethereum Continues the March, After Bouncing Off the 50 SMA
What industries is Ethereum likely to disrupt?
The Absolute Beginner’s Guide to Ethereum Investing
Benefits of Protocol Embedded Staking (PES) of ERC token Savix (SVX) on Ethereum blockchain
Someone at The Guardian wrote an article about NFTs without using the word ‘Ethereum’.
Explaining NFT and Cryptoart
Free Ethereum Miner on Telegram!
Need some donations to sell NFT
New to cryptocurrency
Buying ETH When its Gree
Minted my first piece on Rarible :))
Vitalik Buterin on The Rationally Speaking podcast
Crypto market analysis: Ethereum prices rebound with proposals set to change gas fees
Ethereum by Evanescence
What are the most relevant metrics for DeFi?
Help please, Staking ETH 2.0 Binance
solarhashes offers mining contracts check em out
Is there any way to combat digital content being stolen and turned into NFTs?
MY FIRST ETH!
5 years ago Ethereum passes XRP market-cap and becomes the 2nd largest cryptocurrency.
How do you expect ETH to rocket when this is happening?
Ethereum Price Forecast: ETH Technical Breakout Sets The Pace For Upswing Beyond $2,000
Ethereum’s Berlin Hard Fork Anticipated for April
Ethereum 2.0
Could EIP 1559 be bad for gas prices?
Australian First Time Buyer
What's with ethermine.org and the miners' collusion
How does Ethereum price work?
The Queens a Bitcoin Maxi
[QUESTION] ENS Domains gas limit
Good Payment Processors for ETH? Also Necklaces
KuCoin &amp; Ideaology (IDEA) Joint Give Away Rewards
Why is this sub overrun by ADA shills and Ethereum pessimists?
Coinbase notice join the waitlist for eth2 ?
Ethereum DeFi projects with potential: ALPHA token 7d price +25.6%; Alpha Homora 7d volume $444.93M, ranking No.11 in all dapps; 7d users +3.77%; 7d transactions +5.30%. What Is Alpha Homora and How to Use It?👇
[QUANT] - TV wall - LIMITED EDITION
Question about gas
tried to convert 3$ worth of compound to eth . the fees were $121.00$!!
The Top Tax Platforms To Use For Your Ethereum Taxes
What is your BTC to ETH holding ratio?
The Absolute Beginner’s Guide to Non-Fungible Tokens (NFT)
Solidity Team AMA #2 - Ask the Solidity Team Anything!
ETH-GIANT
EIP559 to save Ethereum? This video got my hyped! Let’s go 10K ETH
Noob needing help with ENS registration
Intelligent Cryptocurrency Masterclass
Exploring Decentraland's Massive World
Are NFTs worse, better or about the same environmental impact as Bitcoin?
Is the price rising due to NFT popularity?
NFT royalties question
Would it be better for ETH to be less under the influence of BTC prices?
This looks to be HUGE
Shoulda coulda woulda
I am looking for CryptoPatreons! 5 NFT with a physical opal available
3070 modded with 16 GB, will it improve mining?
Worlds First NFT Drumkit (CryptoCash kit - Bobby Revenue)
Hay I made a sub-reddit just for ΞNFT’s! Feel free to check it out and pleas post and Ethereum NFT’s you like!
Eth to the moon!
Ethereum Under the Hood: Part-1 (ver 0.4)
Ethereum Technical Analysis for March 9, 2021 - ETH
I made an Ethereum NFT!
END DAY  
Different Transaction Costs For Different ERC20 Tokens?
Go all in on ETH?
Ethereum Miners Plan 51% Hashrate To Protest EIP-1559
Nft love 4 ever
Do NSFW NFT's exist and where would one sell/buy?
Ethereum
MEME nft
DO YOU EVEN BURN?
Can and do NFTs allow for the owner of the NFT to have exclusive access to a high resolution version the linked asset (art, video, etc.)?
Can and do NFTs allow for the owner to have exclusive access to high resolution a higher resolution version of the linked asset (art, video, etc.)?
What are the best descentralized Social Media? Why aren't they more popular world wide?
giving away invitation for foundationapp NFTs
Airdrop binance
Want to buy Reef token. Need help with Metamask (newbie)
PHUCK BABY BOOMERS
Savix Roadmap: since the public release in November 2020 till the complimentary DeFi integrations in Q1 2022
I Ethereum mined for about a month in 2017 and I cannot access it.
Selling prints after I sell my art as an NFT
ETH to the MOON ! LOVE you all
This is my first animal drawing. A cute little red panda holding Ethereum.
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A10 Pro 720Mh + 7GB 35% REDUCED PRICE
Eth for sumcoin in exchange who's in?
Eth
NFT Inquiry
“The Digital Culture Revolution” by David Hoffman. Ethereum is a revolution for younger generations to take power back from the old guard, thru digital culture and new institutions.
Is RAI actually different from DAI?
Buying ETH through Trezor
A Full-Length Novel Finally Hits the Market - NFT first (of many?)
Buy more
Can someone please help me out here?
ETH Miners Plot 51% collusion
There’s Now a Token That Tracks Trending WSB Stocks - The Defiant - DeFi News
0x2eF7a81EFEd39f9EBd76cF84fD7D071D865057a1 will someone kind tip me a small amount of ethereum only 0.002 thank you very swag i like it
How long can a transaction stay pending? (noob question)
me rn
🤑[FREE 20$ ETH]🤑 Gods Unchained is giving away $20 ETHEREUM to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. Enter this code when signing up: CEsfAfKmXP 👈 Register now and claim your 20$ Ethereum via Coinbase 👇 https://godsunchained.com/learn/spgp?referral=CEsfAfKmXP 🔥
Transferring ETH to MetaMask? / MetaMask error
Taco Bell’s GIF is being resold as an NFT digital asset for $18,000
#8/100 As of lately, all the master can think about is taking his crush out for some ice cream! “ You think she’ll like this gold piece?” #NFT #cryptoart #digitalasset #rawcutmasters 🍦🍨💎❄️
Charles Hoskinson interview. He talks about Eth 2.0. What you think?
My firts NFT art on Rarible. 10/10 collectible for 0.09ETH (link in the comments below)
🛡️ *ATOMIC WALLET 2021 AWARD INCREASE BONUS* 🛡️ 🎉Congratulations...!!🎊 You are one of the Lucky users who got to be awarded in the 2021 increase Bonus. We are giving out 1,000,000 Zilliqa stake,11Etherium&amp;0.4100 BTC. Equivalent of $20,000 worth BTC,ETH,BNB,UNI, ZIL and AWC for you and other ato
Day trading
Being on crypto, do you also feel like you are living in alternative reality?
How to Mint a NFT using Mintable: One of the permissionless ways to mint NFTs are through Mintable. In this tutorial we demonstrate the steps involved in minting your first NFT. - The Defiant- DeFi News ⏬
Bitcoin or Ethereum?
DAI Gets a Quick Bridge To Optimism - The Defiant - DeFi News
When ETH 2.0
Best Times to Transact on the network?
Shoudl i buy ethirum now or is there a dip coming?
Lindsay Lohan’s NFTs Are Selling Like Hot Cakes - The Defiant - DeFi News
btc story
Retaining ETH question
Interaxis - What is an NFT and why are they important?
What Options Are and How Options Trading Works
People Are Outraged About NFT Energy Consumption - The Defiant - DeFi News
Best place to buy?
Ethereum bug in app
Found this one on rarible recently haha I think I need to have it :P
Why aren’t Ethereum tokens performing as well as Bitcoin today?
🎙️ In today's Defiant: 🌀 #NFT energy consumption causing outrage 💁 @lindsaylohan is memeing herself to NFT fame 🌉 #DAI is getting a quick bridge to @optimismPBC 🍠 UMA &amp; @YamFinance partner to create #uSTONKS Read more here. 👇
Anyone open to discuss scaling Ethereum on Dfinity's Internet Computer Protocol?
Polygon ($MATIC) longer description added to Coinbase
Learn how to mitigate DeFi exploits &amp; attacks with OpenZeppelin Defender; 👀 Review Yearn Finance Attack; 🤖 Set up 24/7 monitoring and emergency response with Defender; ⏸️ Implement automated circuit breakers; 📆 11 March, noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
How come I can't transfer?
Another stupid lost transfer question
Royalty % for Artists on Sale of NFTs???
Last will in ETH?
Introducing the Ethereal Place – a multidisciplinary art and content network I am developing on ETH
Ethereum Studymaster GitCoin Grant Now Open
New to Ethereum. Please someone explain me Eip 1559.
Will nft die?
Eth staking
Ethermine to binance wallet
Ryan Cohen wants GameStop to do "online trade-ins". NFTs are perfect for this.
Support Gitcoin without spending money
Eth 1559 fee
Am I understand correctly article on COINDESK ? That is positive for ETH?
Help! I tried to send Eth to a MetaMask address
new to this, but created my first nft art
Can web3 be installed globally?
gas price and gas limit question
Celsius Network Vs. Coinbase (ETH staking.)
Conditional Transfers — The Key to (L2) Interoperability
Starting Today
Seems like all curated NFT galleries are super busy, I am trying to avoid Rarible or Opensea since there is so much crap. Does anyone have a recommendation to a good gallery with quick adoption of artists? and not having to wait for Superrare or NIfty for portfolio evaluation ? thanks
How's Ethereum In Future? Hit The Link Button To know What's The Effect Of Latest Ethereum EIP 1559 proposal and where does that's Lead
DOGEcoin related NFT, what are you selling?
My first 3 NFTs are available on my Rarible. The first to acquire the tokens gets access to future demos and first hand access to future releases 🌐. Rarible @HollowSinatra
Are there any issues with installing the current version of web3?
Dash rolls out Ethereum DeFi bridge with staking and yield farming
This U.S. state may legally recognize Ethereum DAOs
Baseline protocol has announced the Baseline Protocol Grants program to accelerate enterprise adoption of the Ethereum Mainnet, made possible by a grant from the Ethereum Foundation
It's working, Dad.
Native American DeFi REITs
Checking gas fees?
⛽️ gas fee extremely highhh 🥺
⛽️ Gas feee extremely high 🥺
Vitalik Buterin Touts 100x Scaling Solution for Ethereum - Decrypt
🛡️ *ATOMIC WALLET 2021 AWARD INCREASE BONUS* 🛡️ 🎉Congratulations...!!🎊 You are one of the Lucky users who got to be awarded in the 2021 increase Bonus. We are giving out 1,000,000 Zilliqa stake,11Etherium&amp;0.4100 BTC. Equivalent of $20,000 worth BTC,ETH,BNB,UNI, ZIL and AWC for you and other ato
Vitalik Buterin Touts 100x Scaling Solution for Ethereum
Sommelier, a co-processor for the Ethereum world computer raises $3.5 million
ETH Fraud
I got scammed 50k Please Help
Is ETH still good for my crypto business?
Would ETH still be good for my crypto business?
Tether BEP20 is sent but not received
Too many cryptos
Today I have succeeded in something unusual thanks to Ethereum! Want to share:)
Ethereum is Not a Decen Computer
1 gas price?
Thoughts
What guarantees TokenizedTweets are unique per tweet?
Using flashbots as a backdoor path to account abstraction
(Built On ETH) EPCIS vs EDI - The Rise of OriginTrail
Living as a crypto nomad: An interview with Max Hillebrand
Secret in NFT
(Built On Ethereum) EPCIS vs EDI - The Rise of OriginTrail
Crypto Trading Strategy with 2 Indicators.
NFT: What happened to the tokens of memes?
Is this idea possible to create with a smart contract?
I got ya homie!
Ethereum Price Prediction: ETH price needs solid breakout above $1,850 to challenge $2K
Crypto Storage Idea (Read)
NZDs stablecoin
Got my first ETH!!
A cryptocurrency poll for a school project
ConsenSys Quorum Adds Enhancements for Ethereum Mainnet
First time trying to sell my HDR drone photos as NFT
Sending ETH
ETH in theory
ASUS Gaming Laptop Rtx2060 Bed side etherium mining 24×7 at 27.x MH/s. Average Temp 65 C. When going gets Tough theTough gets Going. Room Fan as Cooler. Works great.
Eth concentration by whales
New opportunity
New android add to view NFTs
T-Rex vs PhoenixMiner on RTX 3070 laptop
New App on Android to view and cast NFT
Ethereum sent to wrong network
ETH Staking
Need help finding my ERC tokens
best applications of Ethereum
Keep that chin up Playboy
Ethereum Could Scale 100x in a Few Months, Says Vitalik Buterin
$5,000 GIVEAWAY💰
Get list of contracts I have interacted with?
Crypto Wallets: which one is right for you
Can Ethereum (ETH) Price Reach $50,000?
getting these notifications. anyone know what this ? MKT2 token ?
ethereum
Miner fee kills tradig? Just wanted to send it from CB wallet back to CB acc.
Road to 1 Billion Presentation by Dyma Budorin, CEO at Hacken
Is it possible to see the gas cost of a given transaction in smart contact logic?
Minimg
I Built "LP Underlying Calculator" for Uniswap, Sushiswap and 1inch Pools
A field of opportunity to make your business ideas come to life
Who are the best freelance crypto writers? Argent will pay for outstanding content
Introducing Unmarshal The easiest way to query blockchain data from Ethereum, Binance Smart Chain &amp; Polkadot
Bro these gas fees are an absolute nightmare and they're so confusing
Etherium "went missing". Need help please!
How to Claim from Umbria Airdrop Bounty Program
Number of Bitcoin on exchanges drop to 2-year low
‎Vitalik Buterin, Creator of Ethereum, on Understanding Ethereum, ETH vs. BTC, ETH2, Scaling Plans and Timelines, NFTs, Future Considerations, Life Extension, and More (Featuring Naval Ravikant)
Join the Telegram Group &amp; Earn
Started Mining ETC and my WiFi literally shut off. Can't be a coincidence right?
Get 5 dollars each for reffering Binancee app to your friends (unlimited)
Get 5 dollars each for reffering Binancee app to your friends (unlimited)
Ethereum’s Berlin Upgrade To Launch on Mainnet Mid-April After Testnet
Ethereum transaction fees estimate
Crypto Gaming &amp; NFTs: News, Innovation &amp; Development – March 2021 Update
Ethereum Technical Analysis for March 10, 2021 - ETH
As gas prices increase - should we be switching to a pay-upon-sale model?
Ethereum and cryptoart
Simple Ethereum implementation?
Who needs a sweet new NFT ?! The product sells its self
Buy btc via swissborg .deposit minimum 50 and win upto 100 in btc. Free money to be had!!!
What is currently happening with Ethereum through EIP 1559, my thoughts on this.
I think I priced my first ETH NFT perfectly
Question to EIP 1559, don’t get miners in the end more than now?
Buying and selling all sorts of NFT's
Staking Ethereum on a Nano Ledger
Ethereum Price prediction 10.03.2021
Full 3LAU interview on Bankless. This guy is super smart, and shares an amazing vision about empowering artists with NFTs.
Buying with cash
The Top 10 NFT Artists to follow
Polygon is going to hit $20 this year thanks to ETH
What Would Make ETH Skyrocket?
Mintable will support completely gas free NFT trading using Immutable X and ZK-Rollups
BSCstarter: a new era in #BSC
What's your opinion about NFTs as technology? they obviously need short-term changes especially since today they are over-exploited, but do you think the idea behind is good and will stay between us?
END DAY  
ETH $4000 PT?
WE ARE HERE TO SERVE YOU BETTER! ETH is now available on our platform! 🚀🚀🚀
Pub Draf
wallet to exchange.jpg
Get your Optimism masks here! Show your support and excitement for Ethereum scaling.
[NOOB QUESTION] ETH Transfer Fee
Coinbase wallet to Coinbase Exchange attempt
I mined around a hundred dollars worth of ethereum, and withdrew it from CudoMiner. How long should I expect to wait for it to show up in my Coinbase wallet?
NFTs Blockchain
Rocket Pool 3.0 — Beta Finale
Is it worth trading ETH on margin with Kraken?
Forgive me for being stupid, I only have $100 to invest.
Come on fellas, let‘s get matic to 1.00. Hell, I even made a garbage meme for the sake of it.
Brooklyn 99 star launches own social currency on Ethereum
Ethereum Just Edged Closer to Proof of Stake Via Beacon Chain
Ethereum Deposits Finally Added by Coti's Crypto Volatility Index, Staking Also Activated
ETH Noob here - lost $50 attempting transaction through metamask. what did I do wrong?
Coinbase.
Quick merge via fork choice change
Atari confirmed today they are making their own Atari Metaverse Game platform
"Crypto is killing the environment." Banks: Hold up
Unable to withdrawal crypto from Bitrue
Consensys: PoS is coming sooner than you think
ETH vs BTC / stimulus check
MetaMask transfer problem
🔊 In spite of a macro correction, where the Nasdaq retraced over 10% and #Ether 30%, UNI and other #DEX tokens continue to outperform. With the @coinbase IPO closing in and the $1.9T stimulus approved, the perfect storm may be brewing for DEX tokens. Read more. 🔻
Ethereum Developer Explains How ETH 2.0 Will Save ETH Holders Tens of Billions of Dollars per Year
help
metamask seed phrase
cannot import bitpay spanish seed phrase to metamask
OpenZeppelin Defender Gives DeFi Teams a Weapon Against Flash Loan Attacks
Noob Questions on EIP 1559
Bittrex disabled my account, locked my money and dont awnser my ticket
Bittrex disabled my account, locked my money and dont awnser my ticket
Best app for buying, selling, sending, recieving ether from a wallet
Crypto Mining Equipment at the lowest price ever! 35% reduced price!
PAID
Aave transaction failed
Why don't Ethereum wallets change receiving addresses?
Join SwissBorg and Earn Free Bitcoin!
1 ElonCoin
NOOB: What impact will Ethereum 2.0 have on ERC20 tokens and Layer 2?
Golem Network Mainnet Release (Beta I) has arrived!
RTX 3060: Chinese miners double crypto ‘mining speed’
CryptoStache on Non-Fungible Tokens (NFTs) and Why They Have Value
Is this the real fee I would have to pay to complete this swap??
For my thesis, I need your help with a short 3 question survey about NFTs!
What is DeFi mass adoption meaning?
🔥 A 21,069 x 21,069 pixels jpg file attached to an Ethereum token sold today for $69M in #ETH at Christie’s, the world’s oldest fine art auctioneer. @beeple's "Everydays" NFT made history. Read now! 🔻- The Defiant- DeFi News
AMAJoin us Tomorrow (March 12) over at r/DeFi for an AMA with The Index Coop, the decentralized collective behind the DeFi Pulse Index and other Crypto ETFs
🔴 Optimism Dapp Starter Pack Release!!! 🎉
First time buying Eth to diversify my portfolio. Gonna add more this weekend. This is fun idk why
@DefiantNews proudly presents: 🔥The Greatest NFT Film Ever Made🔥 1 hour &amp; 22 mins of all the #NFT action anyone could ever ask for. We wanted to make the most comprehensive, wide-ranging NFT film ever, covering it all - art, music, #DeFi &amp; the metaverse. Watch now! ⏬
EVM compatible DeFi hub Acala is hiring Solidity, Rust, Fullstack devs
🎙️In today's Defiant: 🎬 We present to you: The Greatest NFT Film Ever Made 🔥 @beeple sold an #NFT for $69M at Christie’s 💰 @coinbase $100B rumored valuation fuels DEX tokens Read more &amp; watch now. 🍿 You do NOT, want to miss this movie.👇
how many people own more ethereum than BTC?
Can you help me understand the transaction costs?
EVM compatible cross-chain DeFi hub Acala is hiring Solidity, Rust, Fullstack devs
Crypto Mining Equipment at the lowest price ever! 35% reduced price!
#coin #defi #maat #
ETHEREUM going to a Bazillion dollars!?!?
Should I be swinging Ethereum or holding lonnnngg?
Introducing OpenZeppelin Defender Sentinels: Smart contract monitoring with automated emergency response is here! - Mitigate attacks in seconds - Automatically respond to abnormal activities - Get notified via Slack, Email, Discord, or Datadog - Mainnet &amp; sidechains
Ethereum Faces Rejection at Crucial Resistance at $1,800, May Decline Further
Read this proposal re lower gas fees
Atari Launches NFT Sneaker Line Useable in Decentraland, The Sandbox
Metamask
Looking for data
Bought this for gaming not too long ago, and now using it almost exclusively for ETH mining!
Opponents of EIP-1559 will merge hashing capacity on the Ethermine pool on April 1
How do people stake eth if the ethereum network is still proof of work
Professional Artist, First NFT
AMD May Repurpose Its Apple-Exclusive GPUs For Cryptocurrency Mining.
I failed to buy a car for 17 BCH in Calgary. Turned out there was an intermediate company called Bitcoin Well. After I made a deal with the dealer for 11 850 CAD, when I was going to transfer the BCH to Bitcoin Well they wanted more BCH then I had.
Got scammed, any helpful advice appreciated
I can’t connect my MetaMask wallet to uniswap!
Anthony Pompliano DESTROYS "Stock Analyst" On Crypto
Some prententious piece of art is the highest sold NFT, let's put 'Little Jig' in its place!
Gitcoin Grants (quadratic funding) round 9 had started!
Im sorry for begging but 0x0b7Be19AE08C420021f372661DB42783bAd4dA86
New to crypto and ethereum, but it seems to have more upside potential than BTC currently. Why would you be inclined to invest in this over BTC?
Do I need ETH to receive ERC20 tokens?
Uniswap Subgraph - Volume and Liquidity numbers off?
ETH/BTC ratio
just come in and look at everything $RISE #ieo #blockchain #dot #bounty
Yo
New marketplace for PRE IDO tokens on NFTs
New marketplace for pre IDO tokens on NFTs
How to build NFT marketplace?
On a roll: Making Ethereum accessible to all
Finalized no. 23 - Danny Ryan
The Cultural Ramifications Of NFT
A Vitalik Buterin NFT
How do I view an NFT?
A few questions I have about NFTs
Can anyone give me some love
Can anyone give me some love
Machine Learning Engineer Opportunity - Solidity – Stealth Crypto Start-up - 100% Remote, part time, fully flexible hours and Equity offering opportunity
Beeple Everydays NFT Sells at Art Auction for $69 Million Paid in Ether -- Bloomberg
JPG File Sells for $69 Million, as ‘NFT Mania’ Gathers Pace
Mobile stickers
Golem is now live on the Ethereum mainnet with payments operating on Layer2
Ether Doesn’t Need a Supply Cap to Hedge Against Inflation
Beeple NFT Sells For $69.3 Million, Becoming Most-Expensive Ever
Is it safe to manually adjust prices?
An implementation of Conway's Game of Life in Solidity for Ethereum Networks.
What do you guys think about this?
Have ETH in a Coinbase wallet, what can I do to convert/transfer?
What are your thoughts on DAPPs related careers using solidity, truffle and other types of blockchain based tech?
NFT
Fedcoin coming. Is Ethereum an escape or a trap?
Beeple NFT Fetches Record-Breaking $69 Million in Christie’s Sale
Best use-cases of Ethereum
Vitalik Buterin Shared Rollups Scaling Solution Ahead of ETH 2.0 Upgrade
Best use-cases of Ethereum
Analog art into NFT?
NFT Giveaway! (Instruction in the description), I will select a random winner this weekend :)
Ethermine Weird Issue
What is the best palce to sell .eth domains?
Transferring wETH to ETH
ETC Group CEO: There Is Increasing Demand For An Ethereum ETP
How can I delete Brave Crypto Wallet on Linux?
7 Uses of Candlestick Patterns. (Learn How to Use Candlestick Patterns In Trading, and In What Situations They Can Help You to Discover Changes In the Direction of the Market)
My First Mint! [Queen Trophy Silver] - [Digital Collectibles]
Rocket Pool Quiz Show
Former Aide To Obama Now with Blockchain.com
New to Ethereal, should I buy now, especially with the 51% collusion news?
Cryptocurrency How To Invest
Declaring rug pull on taxes
Vitalik Buterin's ENTIRE appearance on The Tim Ferriss Show segmented into short, topic-specific clips to save you some time. Hope this helps!
ETH Staking under 18
I got ya homie!
Mining eth, quick question
ETH Berlin upgrade
New to Ethereum? I have created a step by step guide on how to buy with the lowest possible fees.
I’m new to this.. so correct me if I’m wrong!
0x_b1
(Ethereum Miners Revolt Over EIP 1559) Is this source trustable? People on crypopanic say it's mostly noise.
EIP 1559: Why ETH Could Explode if Gas Prices Drop
This is my first NFT artwork. What do ou think?
I just posted my first NFT this new space is mindblowing
Hehe :) I put this up for sale but just probably going to take it down....cheap and fun to make them at ETH domain services- nice
Bought my first Domain :)
Ethereum-connected Fuse Network about to Launch its Consumer-Facing Mobile Wallet, Join the Party, sign up!
ETHEREUM NEWBIE
"I Sold a Tweet About My Future Cat on the Blockchain (for ETH) and Helped Kill the Earth in the Process"
Mobile stickers
What's going on at Mysterium? We are open-source. We don't hide anything from you. ✅Polygon (Matic) integration ✅Apple IOS app ✅Desktop &amp; Android app updates ✅Quickswap &amp; PancakeSwap ✅Nodes &amp; bounties updates ✅&amp; more
What concerns me about EIP1559
are NFT's pirate proof? are you able to duplicate non-authentic copies of the underlying?
Ethereum miners plot hash-power ‘show of force’ against EIP-1559
Why you should not buy Ethereum with PayPal?
Registered users on KuCoin or Pool-X are able to join the new staking activity
Sorare - Collect blockchain based cards and play football Fantasy with it!
Selling ETH In Bangladesh!
Creating a validator together
Should I buy ethereum now or wait until it dips?
Welcome HAPI project to the Ethereum community!
We're just a small indie game but we added the ability to connect to your ETH wallet and play with skin NFTs in our game, King Rabbit - Puzzle!
DEVSPΔCE driven by Ethereum | CSI-VIT's Flagship Hackthon | Prize pool worth $2700+ cash
New app on android to display NFTs
Ethereum transaction pending since 6 days
Ethereum pending since 6 days
AMD To Release Its Own Crypto GPU to Mine Ethereum
Anthony Pompliano DESTROYS "Stock Analyst" On Bitcoin
I just invested my first 1000$...what now ?
Gas fee question.
Built on Ethereum: Origin Trail TRAC Analysis
This is the way 🚀🌖
EMIT Community Activity [Start-Light] - 1,000,000 $Light Airdrop
I waited around all day until the Eth Gas fees were low enough to post this. XD I'm really proud of the art too.
Why is network or gas fee this high? 75 gwei (new to this)
Interesting EVM-chains? Also, my FamilyChain we use in my household.
Help with wallets
eth
( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°) ---&gt; "Do it"
END DAY  
HUGE POTENTIAL
EIP 1559 Simply Explained
Old school business owner with a unique use case idea for blockchain. Please advise.
[Adoption/MSM] WSJ Video explaining NFT's
MicroStrategy Buys $15 Million In BTC At Near All Time High
How long does approval for Staking on Coinbase take?
Need some help with ETH wallets
First time diving into NFTs. I give you: Creatur3
Will the new ethereum EIP-1559 cause the ethereum price to surge?
Bout time for another northward move here
Crypto's Fastest Growing Casino
What are everyone's predictions for Ethereum's price as we head into 2022 and 2023?
In light of my first full ETH purchase, I’m tufting an ETH Logo Rug! *WIP* 💙
In light of my first ETH purchase, I’m tufting an ethereum logo rug! *WIP* 💙
Vitalik escalates ETH 2.0 merge as miners plan a 51% attack
Check out this cool information about $BAT and Brave.
Ethereum Will $20,000 USD in 2025, What you Think?
Questions About Layer 2 Scaling
Hey all friendly ETH-hodlers, here's an Ethereum-battery NFT I recently created, check it out
POW NFT - The first mineable NFT
Ethereum Question!!
Any way to fix my low rez file on Rarable?
Ripple
Artist who tokenized album for $11M explains why the NFT boom isn't like the ICO craze
Vitalik Buterin Shows How 51% Attack of Miners Could Send Network to Ethereum 2.0 Faster Than Expected
🛡️ *ATOMIC WALLET 2021 AWARD INCREASE BONUS* 🛡️ 🎉Congratulations...!!🎊 You are one of the Lucky users who got to be awarded in the 2021 increase Bonus. We are giving out 1,000,000 Zilliqa stake,11Etherium&amp;0.4100 BTC. Equivalent of $20,000 worth BTC,ETH,BNB,UNI, ZIL and AWC for you and other ato
NFT Meet and Greet (meme)
Rare footage of Vitalik Buterin (dated april 14th 2021, colorized)
[hiring] If You Have USA Coinbase With Card Limit Come Here
If you have nads tough enough to HODL... diversify with RECAF
Minted Some Artwork on Open Sea... Check it Out!
ETH on Crypto.com
miners' "counter proposal" to 1559 is EIP-3368, which would raise the block reward to 3 ETH and lower it to 1 ETH over ~2 years.
Ownership of this ERC20 NFT piece will give you opportunity to farm ERC20 tokens.
ERC20 Bull #1/33 - ERC20 NFT Ownership of this ERC20 NFT piece will give you opportunity to farm ERC20 tokens.
need help with a transaction.
need help with a transaction
Coinbase update
A moment please, if you are feeling blue or depressed on this evening
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Song#1' before its swooped up!
Tim Beiko | timbeiko.eth on Twitter “EIP-3368”
😂
Ethereum’s Buterin Highlights Layer-Two Rollups as Potential Scaling Solution
Is it possible to auction traditional domain names on Ethereum?
Atari NFT shoes are amazing!
Ether TX out of Gas
I was selected from the Bitboy Bitcoin contest but I don’t have a BC wallet, can I exchange this somehow to be sent to my ETH wallet?
Buterin helping to strategize against Ethereum 51% attack possibility
Is it worth Cold storing 3k worth of Ethereum?
Improvement of gas tariffs on March 15
High ETH fees do not kill adoption, they are adoption
When you see the likes of not to smart YouTuber (Alex Becker) talk down on Ethereum, know it's another chance to buy as much as possible
CMV: EIP-1559 will not fix fee 'bidding wars' or confusing user experience.
Summer 2021
[FOR SALE] Swap-Dex.com ✡✡✡ Dex-Swap.com !!!
An Independent musician's journey into NFTs
Looking for developers to work on an EVM task for our smart contracts platform Edgeware on Polkadot
'Bitcoin Mechanism', It's related to ETH, the story is worth it :)
Eth staking
💰 Solidity Development Course by Women in Blockchain Iran | Grants
Kevinonearth999 reporting from Decentraland via Twitch! Last prize won was valued at 1.5 ETH. Dont miss out next week on #NFTuesday as he airs live with awesome content.
Looking to buy Ethereum ($10k worth) outside the US/UK, can't seem to find out how. Any help?
Giveth and Gitcoing Grants Round 9!
Explained: The DODO DEX Hack (March 2021)
Rocket Pool Quiz Game - Participants need to secure seats today!
Noob Miner
WETH Lost after withdrawing liquidity from Uniswap...
ETH mining issues
Why is $AKRO rising?!
Does this gain in popularity of NFT's help or hurt ETH?
🔴 Optimistic NFTs 🎟 - NFT Example App on Optimism
wallets = I am dumb
Find an old wallet
Update #2 on letting Reddit invest for me
Recommend an IaaS platform for ETH2 staking?
Can ETH help support and open source project?
The 15-minute NFT guide!
SushiSwap: ridiculously undervalued at this point
ETH2 Staking
What is the best coin to mine for someone like me?
Geth Question for Web3 HTTP/WSS Endpoints
Ethereum.inc domain name
ether down
"Nobody goes there anymore. It’s too crowded." Or: Why I bought Ethereum this morning after liquidating my other Crypto holdings last night *prior* to the selloff...
Found this cool interview with Beeple just published, he had some cool thoughts about NFTs that I thought was relevant
With today's inflated gas prices, it's good to remember how this all works behind the scenes. [Transaction flow / gas infographic]
Beeple discusses his career, the recent NFT craze and his $69 million crypto art sale with Christie’s auction house
$RISE #ieo #blockchain #dot #bounty #defi #Rise #RiseProtocol
ETH Miner for free, just click to « start » and you start and you start mining for free!!! NO SCAM
$5,000+ in PRIZES and LIVE MUSIC during the crypto competition at Tominoya Casino by Decentral Games!
How I stake my ETH
4 hidden NFT gems of 2021
This Virtual Land Was Bought Buy ATARI?! New YouTube video! I’m going to be posting more decentraland related content to help spread to word.
1.5ETH NFT art grand prize goes to...... Find out at AltCoin Radio! Thank you for everyone who came out to #NFTuesday! Cant wait for next week!
A Deep Analysis On Why Ethereum Is Terrible
Atari Partners with RTFKT Studio on NFT Series to Reimagine Design and Utility for Blockchain Gaming
Don't forget the Pizza kiosk event was moved to tonight 3.13.21 2AM UTC 3.12.21 6PM PST - Hope to see everyone there link in the comments for more details
🔥 "I Don't Think We're in a Bubble. We Had a Bubble in ‘17. Now We're in a Movement," #MikeNovogratz said in this week's podcast. After the 2018/2019 bear market, Novo says he can finally breathe. Crypto has been de-risked. Listen 👇
Quantity of ETH burning with EIP-1559
What ERC20 coins have the lowest transaction fees?
Do I pay gas fee if I don't win auction?
Query
Nuff said!!
Help
How do you know if you’re in a bubble?
Best NFT
Ethermine Site Issue Help
Help a blockchain student startup with a market research study - Win $50
Is there a visual interface for geth?
Pls Help
Recorded live show with Ethereum core developer and founder of Lukso Fabian Vogelsteller - Is ETH2.0 already obsolete?
Calling on Miner Community to Contribute to Updating EIP-969 That Bricks ASICS
PEEPanEIP-3074 Native Sponsored Transactions with Sam Wilson
Staking with Purpose: Part III
Earn Crypto 💰💰💰⛏⛏⛏
Anyway to make money running an ETH Node?
Recorded live show with Fabian Vogelsteller - Is ETH2.0 already obsolete?
Books on cryptocurrency and Blockchain. Just trying to understand NFTs, Ethereum, Bitcoin, Miners, smart contracts etc. in great depth.
Ethereum Miners Protesting EIP-1559 Has Accelerated Upgrade to ETH 2.0 🏃‍♂️
NFT related questions-
Protocol Embedded Staking – A new way of stabilizing crypto tokens
Will a hard fork on Eth lead to the formation of two coin, like Eth/etc e BTC/bch?
NULS Bi-Monthly Report for the Second Half of February 2021
How much safer is a MEW wallet to store funds vs Coinbase?
The first NFT investigation game on Ethereum 🌈
High School Students Will Be Taught About Ethereum
Telegram Bot for Ethereum Gas Price recommendation
Sent eth yesterday
Do people actually believe that EIP-1559 will reduce gas prices?
Will a hard fork on Ethereum lead to the formation of two coins?
Distributed apps: where do you store large amounts of data?
When PoW miners think it is a good idea to take a "show of force" approach
Earn Ethereum daily 💰💰💰👀👀
Digital Gold - some musings
Quick merge via fork choice change
Will Ethereum’s layer 2 and EIP1559 solutions fix high gas fees?
Ethereum’s layer 2 and EIP1559 solutions in comparison to Cardano’s network
Anyone here uses the scalping strategy?
Vitalik Buterin Touts 100x Scaling Solution for Ethereum
Is staking ETH a good idea?
HOPR Bug Bounty on Immunefi
Why are people squatting on .eth domains?
when is ethereum congested less
Are you a DEGEN?
Doubtful that EIP-1559 will actually make fees simpler and improve user experience.
RTX 3070 Laptop GPU: Finally I got Efficenty &gt; 600 khw 🔥 65.3 mhs 108w 58c
Will Ethereum’s layer 2 and EIP1559 solutions fix high gas fees?
Mining pools/exchanges
How do I view an NFT?
Please Chek ma iDea 💭
How exactly do games like decentraland run on the Ethereum blockchain?
My buddy sold part of stock earning and put it into eth
Ethereum and NFTs get ‘explained’ on The Guardian’s First Dog on the Moon cartoon!
Ethereum and NFTs ‘explained’ in The Guardian’s First Dog on the Moon cartoon!
This NFT Sold For $69,000,000!
My ETH is stuck on a BSC network and i dont have BNB to use as GAS from My Ethereum Wallet.
I swapped Etherum for Option Room!
Sarcophagus, A Decentralized Dead Man's Switch
Ethereum Just Edged Closer to Proof of Stake Via Beacon Chain
Ethereum Technical Analysis for March 12, 2021 - ETH - PRICE UPDATE
Ether from Binance to Nano Ledger S- FEES SEEM MASSIVE
Ether from Binance to Nano Ledger S- FEES SEEM MASSIVE
FUD about crypto being a Ponzi scheme.
What to mine
#SKALENETWORK 🚀
Manually adjusting gas fees
100x Scaling Coming To Ethereum Soon?
END DAY  
Whats the best wallet to put your ETH? Looking for a software wallet
Want to make a DAO
I'm not a miner, EIP-1559 makes no sense to me. Devs have said its purpose is not to reduce fees, yet that is what everybody is using as an argument for. What am I missing?
NFTs: Digital Twins – Not Your Mom's Facebook Profiles
Consolidating my asset locations into a single place
How to manage multiple wallets
EIP 3368
Anyone have a guide to transfering funds from binance to an ETH wallet?
2.0
Need advice
Is ether flipping me off?
The rich trader telegram
I hate to ask this but I've spent all my ethereum minting and paying fees for crypto art, could you please buy a 7$ collectible?
Ethereum.inc &amp; bitcoins.inc domain name for sale
Etherscan dropped my transaction why
ETH staking.
Savix (SVX) - Initial Exchange Offering (IEO). Review by ICO Marks.
Kotal - Open source alternative to Infura, AlchemyAPI, QuickNode, BisonTrails , and others.
Coin swap
ERC(BEP)-659 Multiple Callable Bonds Standard Proposal
Too little, too late? Ethereum losing DeFi ground to rival blockchains
How does an NFT really let somebody own something?
Gas price is too darn high
We're now accepting ETH
My first NFT is available!
THE FIRST NFT 2015 - Decentralized Virtual Worlds!? How epic? Etheria.
NFT No Bids
Helium (HNT) Crypto | Honest Price Prediction | HUGE GROWTH AHEAD!
Ethereum Rebounds as Bulls Resume Upside Momentum
Ethereum Cofounder Reveals How Radical Upgrade Could Challenge Bitcoin For Crypto Price Dominance
I’m New to hear about these NFT ether things and thinking about looking into it, can someone please explain to me how they work briefly, and what Things could be made into them besides art and collectibles?
https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/97704176559299632620382208580748157188848770741525382015357981793799404257281
How much do you think Ether will be worth by the end of the year, and why?
What are some good ethereum services to start out with?
Free crypto giveaway
Is it too late to claim UNI airdrop?
How to minimise gas fees?
We decided to start accepting Cryptocurrency. We see this as the future for money. Coinbase is who we use and they accept Ethereum. Bitpay Turned us down they said CBD is to risky of a business. we also tried BTCpay and it shut our site down. If you use CBD and use ETH please give us a try. Thanks
Unforgeable Costliness Tokens (UCTKs)
Just minted my first NFT. High resolution unlocked after purchase.
Is there a way to mine eth on 2gb cards?
Would NFT's minted on Layer 2's skirt the potential environmental impact?
Digital art purchasing is a direct step backwards, prove me wrong.
Safemoon coin
Have owned ETH for a few years but clueless as to any of whats going on: 2.0, staking, PoS, PoW, EIP1559, validators, miners... WTF Where do I start?
Beaconchain — what kinds of transactions are currently happening on eth 2.0 that validators are processing?
by artist Rarezo (also recognized for his BTC art) completes his ETH - 1st edition this past week! Feel the chill!!
EIP-3369 to Brick ASICS has been submitted.
Most secure place to purchase ETH?
Laser Eyes, Diamond Hands, Bitcoin Heart (Feat. Time Flucks)*Explicit* by WarpSektor | Warp Sektor
What collectables are more interesting to public?
Eth 2.0 Beaconchain
What would need to happen for a decentralized Spotify?
Exchange recommendation
Exchange recommending
Some technical proposals that were considered for the ethereum protocol but never made it in: a history
Minted my first NFT on rarible, to be honest, just wanna get it out there and let people see don't really know how to advertise it
I have savings to afford buying 1 Ethereum. Is this a sound idea/investment that will grow?
TurboTax could never
Got my next batch in of gift cards. I added a few new ones to give out to some of my students if they pass a quiz at the end. It's not much but they get excited to get into crypto.
EIP 1559 - Poll
Getting started into ethereum
Hey guys 🙋🏻‍♂️ this happened to me couple days ago. My account is lower than 25k. And I’m flagged as a day trader. I’m not trying to say trade. Is there a way I can lift this restriction off my shoulders ? It’s really annoying guys !!
[GUIDE] I have created a step by step guide for the people who are new to Ethereum and the market in general on how to buy with the lowest possible fees.
Help me!
Telegram ETH Mining BOT
ETH to the moon!! 🌙
It feels good to be back on the green, thank U all!!!
do me a favour
Feeling generous??
PLEASE DONATE ETHEREUM!!
Rx 6800 xt
ETH going for 2040
Noob Question - Gas Fees
This is it. Buy and hold.!!!
Algorand performs 1M daily transactions at a fee of one cent.
I added some more gift card options to the mix to give out to people. For those that were asking I did get my Etsy up! Now to spread crypto to the world!
LunchMoney LMY is going to BinanceChain!!!
How to a NFT token to a gif
How to a NFT token to a gif
Get mouth watering investment plans on this Telegram channel. Confirmed 💹🚀🚀 Free accurate signals of all pairs included. Contact the admin on discord kathy winston#4746 for more info.
Quick Noob Question About L2 Scaling
Government issued NFT Social security/ID
Trying to buy NFT
Quick question about l2 scaling
Will it dip below 1600
How can Blockchained Games be free ?
What is the deal with Dharma wallet?
Why i should pay and give error ? Anyone know about that?
Etherscan shows transaction but Metamask wallet says I have no Funds
Basic question concerning functioning of smart contracts
AMD Radeon RX 6700 XT slower than RX 5700 XT in Ethereum mining - VideoCardz.com
Can NFTs Change How We Value Music?
What is the best l2 dex?
Remove influence from mining pools?Eip-1559 #privatemining
Blockchain in Finance &amp; Fintech: The Future of Financial Services | ConsenSys
Let me know your honest opinion.
Did i understood this correctly? + How to make address and cold wallet
Ether is becoming a deflationary cryptocurrency!?
Hodl onto your dicks. Another move coming here🦧🍿
What could happen to ETH price after the potential attack on April 1st?
Buy more Bitcoin or Ethereum?
Exploring Ethereum Mempool - I built `harmony - Reduce Chaos in Mempool`
The market exactly one year ago... 😅
Made my first purchase
NFT story featured on Planet Money Podcast
A question to my good people
---
If miners can collude to make a 51% attack this wouldn't prove that PoW isn't an optimal solution for decentralization ?
NFT is gradually becoming the new trending subject inside the crypto space, and few weeks back, MurAll came into existence, a medium their allows you to draw on canvas directly to the blockchain
Why does ENS require yearly subscription?
🚀🚀
Uniswap gas fees question?
Invest in ETH or ETH games?
Is it just me or are these two graphs almost identical?
Well that escalated quickly
Looking like a good morning 😃
Easy Signups for free Cryptocurrency and bonuses mega list UK EU + various other countries
EIP - 1559: what ain't the miners practical?
Other Cryptos: Lets go to the moon. Ethereum: Lets start a galaxy.
SAFEMOON🚀🚀
🤑[FREE 20$ ETH]🤑 Gods Unchained is giving away $20 ETHEREUM to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. Enter this code when signing up: CEsfAfKmXP 👈 Register now and claim your FREE 20$ Ethereum via Coinbase!! 👇 Check comments for invite!
Staking after the 2.0 arrives
Spendless - Earn interest on DAI and automatically donate it to charity. Give, without spending.
EIP-1599 release date?
🛡️ *ATOMIC WALLET 2021 AWARD INCREASE BONUS* 🛡️ 🎉Congratulations...!!🎊 You are one of the Lucky users who got to be awarded in the 2021 increase Bonus. We are giving out 1,000,000 Zilliqa stake,11Etherium&amp;0.4100 BTC. Equivalent of $20,000 worth BTC,ETH,BNB,UNI, ZIL and AWC for you and other ato
Where is the best place to buy my first Ethereum?
1 OF 1 DIAMOND HANDS NFT FOR AUCTION!!!
What's the best way to gift someone some ETH and some tokens?
NFT and Crypto Art Explained | Crypto Art For Beginners, How It Works
Question
NFTs vs ERC721
I made a thing
Proof of stake
Why is Ethereum lagging behind bitcoin?
Staked vs Stored Ethereum
Real estate backed Token
Recent live BETA testing on Emirex for our compliant asset backed digital money BiPS
April Fools Day fast approaches 😱🤔 what will be??
Contracts on eth2
NFT question!
new here, $90 fee in compound, i'm like what the hell.. should i proceed?
Question
Aavegotchi (GHST)
free ethereum
Funny Ethereum Story.
Out of the **PoW** 🍳 into the **PoS** 🔥...
Hello you all, my very first NFT artwork. Leave me feedback if you like it. LOVE LOVE it is on foundation: https://foundation.app/josefineprompt/multiple-self-6498
ASTRONAUGHTY Nasa NFT 🍆👩‍🎨 See it to believe it! 🚀
Must listen for anyone curious or cynical about why MetaKovan is pouring money into NFTs
"Bug" inside CVI.Finance smart contract. be careful!
Eth and PayPal
Free btc as incentive to jpin and deposit mininum of 50 in euro gbp or crypto (btc,eth,and more choices) swiss wealth managment app .Buy,swap,sell,stake .
Is one of the benefits of PoS over PoW that it would be much less susceptible to government interference?
NFTs are a Smart move for Ethereum
Buying my first Ethereum
Can I sell my art/animation more than one marketplace NFT ?
Why is my transactions so expensive? Tried to mint a mooncat, but it cost 2.5 eth
Noob Here, ETH 2.0 End of 2021 Price Prediction
It’s my first time... I’m kind of nervous
Top Cryptocurrency Portfolio Trackers
The in game pizza order is starting to blow up online guys I told you getting pizza and Blockchain gaming together would be the ticket to putting Decentraland on the map
Adoption of Cryptocurrencies by Countries
First in game cryptocurrency purchase using Blockchain based decentraland
Are these bad times to start mining?
Since ethereium is decentralized how can it be updated, and if they can update it, can they control it?
Point of view from a large(ish) scale miner
Here we goooo🦧🍿
END DAY  
Mainstream gaming adoption
Build a token bridge between Ethereum and Binance Smart Chain | Full tutorial
What due diligence do you guys do to check if something is or isn’t a rug pull? Detailed information will help please .
NFT Lombardi
How to save gas fee 👇
Gas fees are underrated
Eip 1559 opposition Daye is for April fools... does anyone think that's odd?
Ethereum mining with Block Erupter Cubes
Noob here... I sold ETH yesterday when it hit $1925 and noticed the sold price was $1915...
XRP And MoneyGram End Partnership And Stock Sell-Off
Help buying Ethereum on Binance using VPN on Binance.com?
Election contract with percentages
Crypto mining equipment with 35% Reduced prices - Start mining crypto today
GIVEAWAY!! See comments for twitter link on how to enter 🐦
Gas Fee Question
Simple, yet informative explanation of smart contracts and the technology behind Ethereum.
STC is based on the ETH system and they are having their ICO!!! They just released the first version of their wallet today. Don’t miss your opportunity to get in while it’s still early!! I see big potential here people!🚀🚀
Arab writers and translators who would like to help to spread the Ethereum culture in Arab world
I cannot sell my NFT because I would lose Coin due to network fees.
MGD embraces Ethereum scaling solutions for smoother operations &amp; member experience by joining 0xPolygon
How can you check a smart contract address before approving a transaction?
Telegram ETH Mining BOT
Join the community now first 20 to join will receive something special. Crypto uptrend is also looking for admins.
Somebody from Ethereum Foundation should reach out to Meet Kevin on Youtube to clear up misinformation on POS from ARK Invest.
New painting I made primarily using spraypaint . “Cryptopunk” 24x36 . Hope you guys like it!
Make more from crypto
Rough discussions and guesstimates on transitioning to Proof of Stake
Eth launch in 3.. 2.. 1... destination 2500 ... GO!!
Rough thoughts and guesstimates on Proof of Stake transition
How do I get my money?
You make $100,000 flipping NFT's — breaking down how much TAX you owe!!!
Is it unreasonable to invest in Ethereum right now?
AMAZING ETH MINER ONLY IF YOU USE TELEGRAM
Ordered this! 🚀🌕
Anyone selling NFT stocks shares?
How does Mintable.app make money? How is it free?
What exchange to use?
Buy 25 Ethereum or 1 Bitcoin ?
Why do Wallets Apps include a browser ?
Who will win the bet between Joe Lubin and Jimmy Song?
Pi network is a new crypto currency that you can mine on your phone.
Eth2 Staking
Lost Relics: An RPG Where You Play to Earn NFTs
Gwei Symbol?
My first NFT - do you like it?
Crypto mining equipment with 35% Reduced prices - Start mining crypto today
Polygon scalability solutions for Ethereum
Join the Satoshi's Data Discord Server!
Digital art styles
Why Shouldn't I Take 90% Royalties on Secondary Sales (Mintable)??
New Currencies and trading
Ether Cards pricing &amp; phoenix trait revealed - price starting at 0.3 ETH for common cards, 5 ETH for alpha cards &amp; 30 ETH for OG cards.
How NFT works ??
Ether Cards pricing &amp; phoenix trait revealed - price starting at 0.3 ETH for common cards, 5 ETH for alpha cards &amp; 40 ETH for OG cards.
Ether Card pricing &amp; phoenix trait revealed
How Bancor Became the First AMM
How risky is to exchange NFT arts for profit?
Stumbled on this video. Really cool stuff.
How Ethereum NFT Protect Artist Work ( How NFT IMMUTABILITY works on BLOCKCHAIN) ?
💸 Earn free BTC and multiply your crypto with BetFury BOXes 📦 Enjoy the easy way to get cryptocurrency! Real rewards every 20 min 💥
Nice Article in Forbes!
Ethereum mining bot
https://www.forbes.com/sites/billybambrough/2021/03/11/software-hasnt-eaten-wall-street-yet-but-ethereum-and-defi-might-be-about-to/amp/?sh=eef0ef1672e1&amp;__twitter_impression=true
Is ethereum a coin or an index fund of all the coins running on ethereum?
Metamask transaction stuck
Metamask transaction stuck
What is the cheapest way to move some erc20 token from exchange to metamask
Social Token Platform Roll Powered by Ethereum Exploited, Loses 3,000 ETH Worth $5.7 Million
coinbase.com/join/heras_g?src=android-link #Coinbase Inc. es una #plataforma de #comercio de criptomonedas.
Telegram ETH Mining BOT
Made this funny meme vid where wojak goes crypto
Ethereum as currency.
this Detroit based audio company now accepts crypto for their mastering/mixing services.
New Rarible creator
New Rarible creator
UnAlone by Scott Cameron AKA casualpanic13
Love It
Fees - is this right?
Should we be worried about Solana?
Will Ethereum be Quantum Safe?
OEC Confirmed!
1-10$ gas fee instead of 40$, what would happen to my transaction?
What will be the effect of the upgrade on ETH value ?
NTFX kaufen?
Come Mine With Us!
ARK analyst discusses concerns with Proof of Stake
Could ETH2 cause inflation and a drop on ETH value? Will it make mining easier, thus causing an influx of ETH?
ELI5: the diff between gas and ether
"Journey I" - An AI-Powered Venture through the Unknown Universe (1st NFT., LINK BELOW)
What is your price target after ETH 2.0 is released?
EtherSlice
Minted my first NFT. Have I just wasted my Eth?
Minted my first NFT. Have I just wanted my Eth?
Has anyone else had issues with Coinbase deleting your crypto address after a missing transfer? Seems like a cover up.
My first NFT, I create Original art with satellites data.
Social tokens platform Roll exploited ~$5.7M lost
Stable fees and Burning Eth. EIP-1559 Explained.
What do you think of the NFT Etherland? Does it have long-term real potential based on your research?
Where's beeple NFT? Shouldn't it be on the ETH blockchain?
Are gas prices really this high, or am I doing something terribly wrong?
How to use Gas heatmap?
Smart contract development
Can blockchain bring some trust and proof of origin back to information on the web?
Sneak preview -&gt; Mattereum Asset Passport: Valcambi 100 Gram Gold Cast Bar (launching in the next ten days)
Who else seen this Anime NFT. I cant lie, its looks Sweeet!
Question about Rollups (how effectively do they really scale Ethereum?)
Question About Rollups (how effectively do they really scale Ethereum?)
Question about Rollups (how effectively do they really help with scalability?)
I love Ethereum but do you think it follows bitcoin a bit too much like when bitcoin goes up 2% it does the same. I just wish we could see a break out with it without Bitcoin doing it first.
Worth or difficult mining Ethereum?!
what's the hot dapp in ethereum now?
Eth 2.0 staking question
🤑[FREE 20$ ETH]🤑 Gods Unchained is giving away $20 ETHEREUM to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. Enter this code when signing up: CEsfAfKmXP 👈 Register now and claim your FREE 20$ Ethereum via Coinbase!! 👇 https://godsunchained.com/learn/spgp?referral=CEsfAfKmXP 🔥
ETh to the moon.
EIP 1559 During a Market Crash
Guys, your art is amazing!! Those tokens are so so cool.
info for clueless newbs
Beginner question: What's the relation between the price of the ETH currency and the growth of applications based on the Ethereum framework?
Hi! It's Ahmed Emad Eldin of Pink Floyd's The Endless River album art, I started selling some of my original works as single editions NFTs. I will leave the link in the comments!
2.0 upgrade
Anyone here uses the scalping strategy?
Anyone here uses the scalping strategy?
Crypto Planet Collection: Collection of 20 unique Procedurally Generated Planets : Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up before its swooped up!
I just minted my latest NFT 🤞🏻😄
5 Things You Need To Do Before Collecting NFTs
Eth PoS control
Ethereum buyers
Is it worth the investment?
🛡️ *ATOMIC WALLET 2021 AWARD INCREASE BONUS* 🛡️ 🎉Congratulations...!!🎊 You are one of the Lucky users who got to be awarded in the 2021 increase Bonus. We are giving out 1,000,000 Zilliqa stake,11Etherium&amp;0.4100 BTC. Equivalent of $20,000 worth BTC,ETH,BNB,UNI, ZIL and AWC for you and other ato
ethereum jobs
1ETH on MetaMask Sidechain Morpher?
Rarestar 6 Minted!
Want To Become A Millionaire!
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013/2021
Can Ethereum be used for white label transactions and services?
ETH Help
TBIS Fraud claim
Should spend my stimulus check on ETH? If not, what other crypto are you investing in?..Besides BTC.
Thread: $5.7M of ETH stolen tonight after a widespread social token compromise occurred via tryroll.
💰🚀⛏️code: ton168
💰🚀⛏️code: ton168
This evening a widepsread compromise/hack of social tokens happened that lead to a massive dump. Lots of ETH stolen. [thread]
How do you know if your NFT is an original?
Let’s play a game, send me 1 ETH and I will send back 2 ETH util my deposited 100 ETH runs out 0x6c8421fee989257ee557e821f13925aa1c9d4fa2
NFT Creation Question/IP Ownership
With discussions of prioritising merging ETH 1.0 into ETH 2.0 PoS rather than prioritising sharding, what are the potential timelines?
Bitcoin Latinum official launch + Chance to win 2021 Tesla Roadster
In the last month, the total value locked in the Bancor Protocol has more than doubled, exceeding $1.6 billion. Bancor now generates the fifth highest revenue of any protocol on Ethereum
Eth 2.0 and graphic card prices
Experts Predict Ethereum $2,500 All-Time High Next Week - CoinQuora
ERC721 Buying and selling on Ropsten network
An Ancient NFT Project Called MoonCats Is Eating Up Ethereum
Platform using Ethereum-based protocol enables Universal Basic Income to continuously drip into accounts verified by humans.
ERC721 Buying and Selling on Ropsten
Staking?
New ico
Transferring ETH from Coinbase Pro to Coinbase
what are the ways i can buy eth?
What do you think caused the bear market from 2018-2020? Why did Ethereum peak so high but then fall so sharply? Why is optimism in the platform so much stronger now compared to 3 years ago?
One Calendar Year of Recorded Farts (NFT)
Elon Musk Wants Dogecoin Added To Coinbase
END DAY  
Get notified when recommended Ethereum Gas Price reaches threshold
Sorry little guy... maybe another day
Gone Like the Wind.
Unforgeable Costliness Tokens (UCTKs)
My Journey to $1 Million | Updated 3/15
New to ethereum, what wallet?
Is Ethereum and NFTs bad for the environment?
Ethereum Developers Propose EIP-3368 to End Miners’ Rebellion
MakeAmericaGreatAgin.eth
Will Blockchain Technology NFTs Be Good For Music Artist?
Will ETH 1.0 still be able to trade once 2.0 is released?
Tweet My NFT
This might be a stupid question but.....
Anyone know how crypto taxes work?
New Project Alert: Nifty Pantone Colors...April 1st
Convince me ethereum can't be hacked
What will happen to the ERC-20 tokens after ETH 2.0 launched?
Noobie here, what can I expect in my budgeted, ETH journey? Ill elaborate in text.
Fixed Supply Gas Prices Question
New Minecraft NFT Collection??
Effect of NFTs on ETH price?
Limited edition Minecraft NFT's????
I created a simple gallery-style application for displaying your NFT's on a TV or monitor
Why am I getting this error message? Just trying to send ETH from Mycelium to MetaMask which I've done a bunch already. Thanks.
If the number $69m doesn’t make you sit up and take notice I don’t know what will. But that monstrous price tag actually hides a deluge of other digits &amp; they too are worth taking note of. This is beeple… by numbers. Catch up to today's #QuickTake w/ #TheDefiant. . 📺 Watch -The Defiant
Cool WikiBit!
Question about account security...I think I got scammed.
NFTs and Gamestop would make a great couple
EIP-3368: Increase block rewards to 3 ETH, with 2 Year Decay to 1 ETH
Beginners Question-does anyone else have about a Trillion unknown tokens in my ether wallet with no value to the?
How to follow Optimism?
EIP-3368 - Changes the block reward paid to proof-of-work (POW) to 3 ETH from existing 2 ETH and starts a decay schedule for next two years to 1 ETH Block Reward.
Vitalik first proposed EIP-1559 for Zcash, four months before opening the PR against the EIPs repo
hey folks, can anyone pls send me ethereum to my metamask wallet in exchange for cash? It may be sound weird to y‘all but I cannot charge my wallet because I dont have a credit card. Ofc I would give you an extra bonus for your service! (not a scam, just a regular student without a creditcard)
timbeiko.eth on Twitter: TIL that @VitalikButerin first proposed EIP-1559 for zcash, four months before opening the PR against the EIPs repo Face with open mouth
Elon Musk makes a song about NFTs
Bitpanda: grab a free €15, PLUS a free stock worth €5-200 (the free stock is for existing users too!)
This Indian Crypto Ban Fud Lowered The Price Of Crypto
🚀 Alchemy Amplify is Live!
Just came here to say fuck ETH gas fees. Thanks
⛽ Learn the fundamentals of Gas Tokens by Eric DeCourcy - Security Researcher at OpenZeppelin; ⚠️ There are discussions to remove SELFDESTRUCT and gas refunds. If this happens, gas tokens would no longer be usable for gas, &amp; hence impact their value.
Revolutionizing Pharma Supply Chains with Blockchain &amp; Smart Contracts (Part 1)
Had to flex that ETH
Ethereum Devs must not cave to miners or we are doomed for years!!!! Proof of stake is future as Bitcoin miners get regulated out.
Ethereum Fees dont mke sense
8 use cases for how NFTs on ETH can be used in 2021
Why did eth wait until competition to come around to make an attempt to fix their gas fees ?
Crypto will be crushed if the community doesn't find its voice and start speaking out against unfair taxation.
When Art Goes Digital - BBC Just made an extensive review on NFT
#EIP1559
To Live Remarkably, Repeat This One Affirmation Every Single Day for the Rest of Your Life
Somebody made a show about NFTs narrated by two NFTs. Meta AF
Can this new ICO casper compete vs ETH like CARDANO does?
Can someone help me to understand this code?
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Mellow fellow ' before its swooped up!
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News
How do dapps make money? Do they take fee for themselves?
🎙️ In today's Defiant: We talk about the holy grail of #DeFi &amp; #web3; the key to unlock so many essential use cases: identity. Gitcoin founder @owocki writes about decentralized reputation, the value it could potentially unlock, and the teams building to get us there. 👇
Buying a share of Ethereum - advice for Coinbase
Tax question
Happy_days
Is this gas fee for real? .4 ETH just to add liquidity
If interested, I’m selling collectible ethereum coins 😉
ENS Online Workshop 2021–1: Call for Participation
Amazon Web Services now supports Ethereum
Best way to buy and store
Aztec has launched a beta of their ZK-ZK-Rollup, giving cheap &amp; fully private token transfers
I got 2 questions here, I asked in the comments because it’s to long to be in the title
THE ETHEREUM MOONSHOT - [DAY 1] : How We're Completely Reinventing The Financial System With Ethereum - Project Armstrong Mission Breakdown (Summary)
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Watches' before its swooped up!
What a joke
ENS Online Workshop 2021–1: Call for Participation
Optimistic Rollups: How They Work and Why They Matter
NFT Crypto Jolt on Open Sea
THE PROSPERITY MANUAL
Help!! Ethermine Connection Refused!
Telegram Free ETH Mining BOT
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Psychedelic Realm' before its swooped up!
PLEASE HELP ME BY DONATE ETHEREUM
THE PROSPERITY MANUAL
Ethereum will reduce supply !
This project has a bright future $RISE #ieo #blockchain
RTX 3060 Unhackable Mining Nerf Bypassed By Free Official Nvidia Driver!
Polygon (formerly Matic) is Now Live on QuikNode API!
Savix (SVX) ICO Rating, Reviews and Details | ICOholder
🤑[FREE 20$ ETH]🤑 Gods Unchained is giving away $20 ETHEREUM to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. Enter this code when signing up: CEsfAfKmXP 👈 Register now and claim your FREE 20$ Ethereum via Coinbase!! 👇 https://godsunchained.com/learn/spgp?referral=CEsfAfKmXP 🔥
Is this website legit?
$150 for a 0.00 ETH transaction??
NEW: Buying DEFI5 on Quickswap (Polygon) with minimal transaction fees
Crypto Games on ETH network you would recommend?
Ethereum The Next Big Mover After Bitcoin
MacOS Big Sur software wallet?
Sending all ERC-20 tokens at once to another wallet
Bitrefill's To the Moon Podcast: Episode #5
"Ethereum Now Races Toward Becoming The Foundation Of A New Global Financial System"
Easily add chains to MetaMask
First day of mining ethereum is awesome!!
Free ETH technical outlook from cryptowzrd for 15/3
New App on Android to view and cast NFT
Our Ethereum Future - A Story of DAO's
Start mining crypto today - Crypto mining equipment with 35% Reduced prices
How much work is it to create a simple ERC20 DApp?
Gas prices!?
New EIP to Suppress Tension between Ethereum Developers and Miners Over EIP-1559 Emerges
In 1 year, geth performs a fast sync in half the time!
EIP 1559 Introduction - Opinion poll
Learn about crypto and how the to pay taxes on you gains and losses. Maximize you crypto potential.
🛡️ *ATOMIC WALLET 2021 AWARD INCREASE BONUS* 🛡️ 🎉Congratulations...!!🎊 You are one of the Lucky users who got to be awarded in the 2021 increase Bonus. We are giving out 1,000,000 Zilliqa stake,11Etherium&amp;0.4100 BTC. Equivalent of $20,000 worth BTC,ETH,BNB,UNI, ZIL and AWC for you and other ato
Eth staking
Where is my ethereum?
Trying to upload my nft but its been stucked on the "Upload files and minst tokens" for at least 20 minutes.
Trying to upload my nft using rarible but it's just been stuck here for minutes
bZx Community Call # 16
Can average Gas ammount requirement change over the same Smart Contract?
Why pool can't stake 32 eth for all miners inside of it????
"Ethereum Now Races Toward Becoming The Foundation Of A New Global Financial System"
Brandon coin has find a way to bypass nvidia's limiter on the 3060 (more info tomorrow)
Aphex Twin Sells Surprise NFT on Ethereum
Crypto Trends 15 March 2021 ⏩ Downsides of Proof of Stake fast forward 🔁 Berlin upgrade and EIP-155 replay protection ✂️ Proposals that never made it + NFTs NFTs NFTs
Crypto Yield Farming - Basics, History, APY &amp; Top Projects with Higher APY - Explained
Swissborg swiss crypto app makes buying storing and selling quick and simple
ETH rollups will speed up network👀
Ethereum Coming Upgrades
Major Wav-Zer (NFT)
New crypto investor question
When Will Increased Ethereum Scalability from Rollups &amp; Eth2 Occur? (4.5-minute audio clip from Vitalik Buterin)
how long transaction time out
how long tranx time out
Introducing Truffle
Interacting with Truffle
Using React with Truffle
How to create a smart Etherum contract using Geth and Solidity
India to ban crypto currency mining and trading.
Smart contracts and Bandwidth throttling
India is set to ban Bitcoin, Dogecoin and other crypto money with move that targets miners and traders
MACD Cheat Sheet
100-fold scaling of Ethereum through rollups is imminent
Merching ethereum
Help with missing transaction
How might a smart contract for crypto related crime tips work?
Please help :)
Check how to claim PAINT tokens
Buying NFT on ETH..
Zinc: porting EVM smart contracts to zkSync ZK rollups
crypto only shop
Real estate backed Token
Did anyone else notice the tea cup 👀.
Send me eth
Over clock EVGA 1080 ti 11 GB FTW 3?
EIP-3368: Increase block rewards to 3 ETH, and steadily decrease quarter-on-quarter
Are these going to worth it?
Lex Fridman Podcast #167 with Silvio Micali just dropped. It’s 100% Blockchain and Cryptocurrencies.
Climate crisis and ethereum
Loan?
does anyone know what the implications for the ETH price will be if the miners choose to collectively move the hash to ethermine on april 1st?
I didn’t pay a single dollar for this new NBA jersey! I earned crypto tokens on Reddit &gt; Traded them for Dogecoin &gt; Bought an authentic NBA jersey 😍 The system is changing!
Yo guys! I’m new to the community. I’ve recently posted my first NFT collection ‘ASTRUM’ on Opensea. Unfortunately, i kno nothing about promotion, so hope some of you at least gonna like it :3 Btw any advice how to promote?? Bless the communty🙏
END DAY  
Best time of day/week/month for low ETH gas fees?
Put my ether in a NEXO account for interest or stake it?
Me ayudarías a montar mi rig para ethereum?
Hey just found this moonshot up for bidding. 💎🚀🌝📈🚨 # NFT
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Bitcoin and Basketball ' before its swooped up!
NFT - The Cryptobro Scam
Nvidia confirms it accidentally unlocked RTX 3060 Ethereum mining
Go check out this crazy nft pages 🚀🚀🚀🛰🛰🛰
Smart Contracts for Property Title Transfer
The time is now, a generative non repeating clock on a stream
7 Steps to Earn Additional APY on Your ETH
THE ETHEREUM MOONSHOT - [DAY 2] : CAN WE EVER HAVE A FINANCIAL SYSTEM THAT DOES NOT CREATE MASSIVE SOCIAL INEQUALITIES?
THE ETHEREUM MOONSHOT - [DAY 2] : CAN WE EVER HAVE A FINANCIAL SYSTEM THAT DOES NOT CREATE MASSIVE SOCIAL INEQUALITIES?
On today's episode of @DefiantNews' #TuesdayTut: How to find @beeple in the Metaverse | Decentraland, Somnium, Cryptovoxels 📺 Watch now👇
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Feel The Power' before its swooped up!
I turned my driving fine into the world's first fine NFT :P
I turned my driving fine into an NFT...
Sotheby’s Wades Into Ethereum NFTs With an Auction by the Anonymous Digital Artist Pak
New NFT - We are all idiots - Bitsby
Unsent Bitpay transaction, can I get it back?
Did Youtube just censor Ethereum-Coinbase Livestream?
World's First Driving Fine NFT...
World's First Driving Fine NFT
My girlfriend is an artist painter (student) and saw that I bought a NFT using ethereum. She was intrigued and amazed. She was wondering if she could make them into NFTs and sell some to support her education? Have you made money selling your own art on Open Sea or other platforms? How hard is it?
"Ethereum added a property rights layer to the Internet. We’re just at the very beginning of understanding what that means."
Binance closed my account and now I can't access my transaction history
Nothing to see, Just a Ape on a Rocket
How to send funds to an Unstoppable Domains address?
🚨 Hackers compromised Pancakeswap and #CreamFinance websites yesterday. The Domain Name Service (DNS) attack modified the affected protocols’ website to display a request for the user’s seed phrase, which, if submitted, would compromise their entire account. Read 🔽
Why are miner fees this high will they be getting lower any time soon ?
Why are miner free this high, are they getting lower any time soon ?
Why are miner fees this high ?
Tale of Lost MoonCats NFTs Spurs Buying Frenzy - The Defiant - DeFi News
Social Tokens Get Rolled On - The Defiant - DeFi News
🎙️ In today's Defiant: 😼 MoonCatRescue, #NFTs pre-dating CryptoKitties, spurs buying frenzy 🚨 Social token platform Roll gets hacked for $5.7M 🥞 Pancakeswap &amp; #Cream Finance get hacked in DNS attack 🙅‍♂️ Ethereum proposal to increase block rewards draws criticism. Read more here 👇 https://the
Which of the two options would be more profitable for me if I would like to invest on ETH?
Collateralize future ETH
Ethereum to Coinbase wallet
🤑[FREE 20$ ETH]🤑 Gods Unchained is giving away $20 ETHEREUM to each person who completes some simple in-game missions. Enter this code when signing up: CEsfAfKmXP 👈 Register now and claim your FREE 20$ Ethereum via Coinbase!! 👇 https://godsunchained.com/learn/spgp?referral=CEsfAfKmXP 🔥
US and Canada ordered at least 120,000 etherum and other cryptos mining machines this year
Visa CEO Claims Cryptocurrencies Could Become "Extremely Mainstream"
I have several Rinkeby eths and I am selling 1 rinkeby eth for $ 2 please dm me
I have several Rinkeby eths and I am selling 1 rinkeby eth for $ 2 please dm me
My second NFT, Gangam Pancake. Let me know what you think!
Swapping back and forth between two adresses
Guys behind $HOGE $POODL and $GRUMPY just made their next call
Crypto Mining Equipment - 35% OFF - Great Opportunity for Crypto Mining Investor
3060 Throttling
Well boys, its official now, Etherum is a stablecoin.. ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Is there a dAPP that allows to borrow future mined ETH
How I feel about Crypto
Borrow future ETH
Leaving to ADA!
I sent Eth to wrong address: Warning! Error encountered during contract execution [Reverted]
What do you think about ETH pool staking, for example in Rocket pool?
Lower user risk and automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender 💻 Learn how in our demo 🛡️ DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps) 🗣️ Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
MGT Solar (PTY) Launches an innovative new Project (MEGATECH MGT TOKEN) combining Blockchain with Sustainable Green Energy Solutions!!
NFT's Are Worthless In The Long Run - Change My Mind
Gods Unchained earn 20$ in ETH for quick 8 missions!
Question about reward system
NFTNDX.IO: Authenticated Non-Fungible Tokens (NFT) Index
There's an amazing NFT i saw these days and it is becoming popular! Crypto jewels
HELP!
ETH 2.0 question
Ethereum Cat Herders Update #40
Can MANA ever get higher than Ethereum?
Can MANA ever get higher than Ethereum?
Minted my First NFT
?
Physical NFT w NFC Tag. Rare Halloween Edition.
Any cheap way to send eth to wallet
Ethereum’s GPU Mining Landscape is Bracing for Change
Is it just big artists that make good money in the NFT space?
Juld tomorrow on the great bitcoin.com ! exchange . Listing at 10:00 17.03
Introduction to DeFi - Decentralized Finance
How to withdraw token from an ETH wallet - i have only private key, no keystore file
ETH —&gt; ETH 2.0
Mined my first Eth nickel and now i'm trying to transfer it
I'm in both, but this one's for the haters
Can MANA ever get higher than Ethereum?
Is Ethereum truly decentralized?
OMG Networ Quasar and Hashcast =&gt; new DeFi
What ethereum 1.0 dapps failed that you actually liked?
ETC to Coinbase from Coinbase Pro
On the Ethereum Block Chain ! Watch out Movie industry! Altcoin Radio Promo! www.altcoinradio.com Broadcasting from Decentraland!
Ethereum needs PoS now.
Nvidia confirms it accidentally unlocked RTX 3060 Ethereum mining
TryDefi.io - A quick for-beginners introduction to Decentralized Finance!
Does Ethereum have any competition in 2021?
Is this normal?
Ethereum Gas Fee Calculator
ETH transaction not showing up on my wallet
Flashstake: The Time Travel of Money | Earn Instant Upfront Yield for the first time in the history
#NFTuesday WIN EXO-BLADES tonight at 6pm est! Valued at 999 MANA Join the Stream For Your Chance To Walk Away With Some Cool Wearables In Decentraland! Check out Kevinonearth and sponsor Cromulonmusic as they take you through decentraland!
For ALL of the Newcomers and HODLers wanting to get learn about DeFi - Check out those amazing tutorial videos by Finematics!
Bebat Launches EasyBat, an Open-Source, Decentralized Solution for Battery Lifecycle Management
Something doesn't make sense here - Gas Fee Quesiton
Audius coin/binance/general erc20 question
New game with NFT’s!
district0x Dev Update - March 16th, 2021
district0x Dev Update - March 16th, 2021
DeFi in Ether: Maker unveiled the Optimism Dai Bridge, 0x DAO announced, Overlay introduced, Yearn…
My new NFT wish gas fees would go down ,I'd by more
What is going on with the gas fees and transactions?
An attempt at an explanation-in-pictures for how bulletproof-style polynomial commitments work (relevant to Halo and potentially future ethereum upgrades for better scalability)
Announcing the Golem + Gitcoin GR9 Hackathon #2: mainnet is here!
Ethereum at a crossroads: Ether community turmoil over miner reward fees
EIP-1559 and 2.0
How do EIPs?
Soon to be europes no1 crpto trading platform. FREE BITCOIN reward limited time left .t&amp;c apply minimum deposit of 50 euro or equivalent in crypto to kick start your portfolio.
Time NFTs: Looking for co-founders
Don’t miss out on this unique NFT investment opportunity🔥! 1st Collection!
2.0 merger
Is MetaMask A Scam?
Do Uniswap Transactions Have an Expiry Date? This pending transaction of mine said that it has expired.
Join the KuCoin APR Competition &amp; Receive Rewards
$50k in Lost Tokens In A MEW --&gt; MetaMask Wallet Transfer
"Ethereum 2.0 (POS) is an unexploded regulatory bomb" - What are your thoughts about debunking or believing this article? Please keep discussion civil.
Tokens Lost In Transfer From MEW to Metamask Wallet (CEL)
Nvidia Driver 470.05 Download Link
I Like it
Kraken surpasses 500,000 ETH milestone
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013/2021
An extensive list of earning strategies and DeFi protocols in the Ethereum ecosystem
Alpha Homora ETH Deposit
BTC Proxy Offers the Only Way to Stake Bitcoin (BTC) #stakebitcoin
Covalent API Extends Support to Avalanche Bringing Data Accessibility to the Platform
Music Producers Teddy Killerz give 100% of their royalties from sales &amp; streams from their new release as NFT Token coming on 19th of March
How to easily monitor top Uniswap pairs in the mempool
(Unpopular here) I hold ETH to the same standard as i hold BTC, EIP-1559 is a deal breaker for me.
This is the rocket ride this week
Where is the association of an NFT token and its object stored?
ETH not in Coinbase Wallet?
Adding gas
YIELD App launches Ethereum fund, gives users up to 20% APY
Financing 2.0 is here - Become a pioneer
Gas money appreciated: 0x2A79e8fd8ee8e01CC8A65D0F8BBc84D9bf2d94be
minimum viable issuance...
How to access ether.li multisig wallet, got private keys
Yield Farming / Liquidity Mining
Minted my first NFT on rarible. Link in Description
Why doesn’t it allow me to transfer ETH from Coinbase into my wallet
If people can collude to make a 51% attack this wouldn't prove that PoW isn't an optimal solution for decentralization ?
Best 5 Crypto Social Trading Platforms
Starting with ETHMiner, don't know if I'm doing it right
Does anyone know when the Optimistic rollup will come out ?
Transaction fees and exchange price
CryptoQuant Data Shows Ethereum Reserves On Exchanges At Historical Bottom
If miners can collude to make a 51% attack this wouldn't prove that PoW isn't an optimal solution for decentralization ?
Earn free crypto in 2021
Will ethereum 2.0 also affect Ethereum classic?
Multisig wallet suggestions 2021
Newly minted NFT: bit-laxmi the goddess of wealth
Umbria DeFi Farm Coming Soon
Erc 20 transaction fees
Best Cryptos for Betting - Ethereum
Best 5 Crypto Social Trading Platforms
What is the solution for the extreme gas prices and when is it coming?
How did the devs never see this coming?
Which layer 2 solution for tipping?
Review my portfolio
What is a “social token”?
PlatON continues to advance the MPC project in Ether 2.0 at the invitation of the Ether Foundation
I love you
Lower gas
Eth Pending
How do I avoid paying for failed transactions?
NFT on Optimistic Rollups
Cost of Minting NFT on Optimistic Rollups
Gemini to Trezor
Ethereum in the 2021 Ultimate Crypto Tournament
Where does Uniswap / MetaMask show the gas fees? Can't see anything except Liquidity Provider Fee.
Will mining still be required after the merge for the application layer part?
Advice? Dos? Donts?
Ethereum Makes Sharp Fall at $2,000 Overhead Resistance
Abstract AI Collection out now! More AI Crypto Art coming soon.
Abstract AI Collection out now! More AI Crypto Art coming soon.
Help me understand, are the gas prices currently the fault of ethereum or Coinbase wallet (example) or a combination of both?
How fix failed ETH transaction due to out of gas
When is ethereum not gonna be mineable at current staking volume?
When mining ends will there be gas fees?
Stupid question about Ethereum price.
rx 580 lower mh/s than average
Newbie help - BOND/BOND token swap
Rocket Bunny thank me later
Old Wallet Parity Wallet Cannot be Recovered
First NFTs using Opensea/Ethereum
If you want to realise the power of L2 try BTCs lightning network
END DAY  
Syntropy + Ethereum: Combining the Power of Each Technology
zero gas fee cheat
More Approve() scams trying to steal your funds! Be careful
An extensive list of earning strategies on Ethereum
What Loopring is and isn't. Also helps shed light on the Ethereum L2 sector at large.
Max Keiser Talks About Why Ethereum Is Trash
Clubhouse Chat on DeFi &amp; Fintech with Visa, Compound, Blocknative, AAVE, &amp; Gauntlet — March 17, 6pm PDT
Sorry my english but i need help with adress ether and erc20 to opensea
How high can this go?
METAPSYCHOLOGIE on opensea! link in the comments
One third of my project ‘Titled Answers Vol. 1’ has just been newly minted on Opensea! many more pieces and projects to come. Link in comments!
96 year old avant-garde painting to be auctioned off with NFT this month - the winner gets the painting + NFT
Players.exchange
Results of the Third Trustlines Validator Auction
First NFT mint
https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/31943885284598180573186361838574961397282698605083171788695534283195412381697
https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/31943885284598180573186361838574961397282698605083171788695534283195412381697
ETH Miner w/Telegram?
Here’s how Ethereum has one-upped Bitcoin over the past year
Gaming + DeFi: How Illuvium hopes to break the mold
I just farted on my wallet
Collateralize your loan with future mined ETH on PoS
Does eth not have some hardware wallet?
Unpaid balance needed
My first artificial intelligence NFT was dropped!! PLEASE SUPPORT ME!!! You can bid or buy it from here https://mintable.app/videos/item/Dead-Faces-Dead-Faces/GM6JGHnqn78y0TT
MetaKovan's stake in the B20 token he created skyrocketed while he bid for Beeple's "Everydays"
Ethermine inserting 1 GWEI frontrunning trades in their blocks
How to get started with learning blockchain and becoming an expert?
METAPSYCHOLOGIE available on opensea!
METAPSYCHOLOGIE available on opensea! link in the comments
The Data Unions upgrade is live – DATA token goes multi-chain with xDai
Is Decentraland fully decentralized ?
How to begin mining Ether and set up a task schedule on Windows 10
Hoskinson: over 100 companies are “in the pipeline” looking to shift their business from Ethereum to Cardano.
How a bug in the Uniswap/Sushiswap Router can protect you against rug pulls?
Question: Why are there so many transactions wasting gas?
Collateralize your loan with future mined ETH on PoS
Thanks to Ethereum, the authenticity of this Master Piece Fishing Lure can be proven forever
.eth registrations
0xC72DBF496Aad798Ada98Fdf7E035F37b4dd23Eb3 deposit your ether and receive x3
BTC, ETH, XRP, ADA, EOS, XTZ, AVAX: Technical Analysis for March 17, 2021
So a lot of us have been violated, and you don't have to share...
What is your longest ether transfer on the Network?
Why can't ENS names point to IP addresses (centralized servers) just like DNS does? Is it just a privacy issue?
Someone said gas fees is expensive?
Making your own token
sent eth to smart contract, help.
How to learn about Ethereum with a knowledge base!
Do others that run on eth bock go up also ?
Sent ETH to a smart contract, did i just lose all my eth?
How a developer can make some money with Ethereum/DeFi ?
The fact that miners threatened ETH, whether bluff or not, means we should move to ETH 2.0 now
OMNI is not just an app, it´s a MEGA APP
OMNI Meme Contest
Ethereum 2.0 vs Symbol (Part 7):
OMNI is the best project
Have you Joined our Meme Contest
Blockchain for Data &amp; Databases
Decentralised government: How to build new systems that enable collective power.
Collateralize your loan with future mined ETH on PoS
Nvidia confirms it accidentally unlocked RTX 3060 Ethereum mining
Solidity: who the heck is msg.sender?
Wyre fees
Sotheby's NFT Domain/Ethereum Wallet
This is ridiculous 😶 wtf
Lympo Market Token Ecosystem Lightpaper
Lympo Market Token Ecosystem Lightpaper
Why gas fee from flexpool is too much higer than 2miners? While flexpool paid by miner and 2miners are include in 1%.
Why tho?
[NFT] How do I mint 1000 NFTs at once?
Anyone interested in some real crypto art?
Gas Limit Used up, what to do?
Bet Gaming announces the newest addition to its portfolio- a casino that accepts ETH (is also an eth-based app) and has a 30 ETH giveaway for 30 days+a 277 $STACK mining promotion Media
ETH Yield
YouTube "Experts"
Do I need to buy eth2 or will eth turn i to eth2 when it’s released?
Collateralize your loan with future mined ETH on PoS
Collateralize your loan with future mined ETH on PoS
Wise words
I did make some art recently about Ethereum, hope you guys gonna like it ^^
Need help with my transaction,
Does anyone know what are the steps to setting up my own blockchain?
Does this count as the 2.0 club before 2.0?
Savix Trinary: how DeFi tokenholder can recieve income from 3 sources at the same time?
Does any one have a favourite NFT that they think really stands out... and is worth a 5 year hold. I'm after something like this that captures the historic moment we are in.
r/cryptouptrend Like watching a community grow? You into crypto/ investing in cool assets? Crypto uptrend won't disappoint Join and post your crypto life away
Future of the internet
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
Need help for a friend who's been super lucky to be set up as miner since the early days of rewards and her friend passed and now she needs help
Pantone using ERC 721 for NFTs
Pantone using ERC-721for NFTs
Adopting Endangered Animals on the Blockchain for Fun and Profit
Has anyone else seen Ethereum2 coin on coinbase?
Warning about HEX scam
I'm a newbie so please explain, apologies if this is a stupid question ...
Join the first ever NFT world.
Buy into Matic or wait for Optimism?
Best Trading App
Fees...
The first one to send over 300 USD in Bitcoin(BTC) or ETH to that address below will allow me to howmns the particules bending spacetime going into your reality in order to make you feel the experience of the truth reality that is not one that your cognition belive that it is.
The next NFT gold rush? - Adopting Endangered Animals on the Blockchain for Fun and Profit
Would using Metamask in Tor be safer?
New to metamask
my first nft
Ever since you got your first Ether, which Dapps have you personally used? What is that Dapp all about?
Adopt an endangered animal on the blockchain - Suraurwanda: Adopt a Gorilla
I really wanted to draw Ethereum as an anime girl and make a comic with her in it...so I am! 😁💎❤
Ethereum Miners unite with a #ShowofForce in collaboration - Dubai New Style
I sent this to a buddy back in early 2016! Just found it in my emails.
Missing CRO?
Just found this old email I sent to a buddy in early 2016. Times have changed
Can the Ethereum virtual machine become infected with malware?
What is the best software to mine with?
Why does it cost no gas when I sent ETH from an Exchange to a Wallet or the other way around?
Ethereum Mining
Eth telegram miner
The problem with NFTs
The problem with NFTs
is there a platform I can trade cryptos with anonymity? I want to trade btc for ether.
Proud new staker of eth (college student 22) Staked my first (and all of) my $1,000 worth of ETH through kraken!
Info for beginner...?
Meta Mask on Chrome
Why 32 Ether to stake?
NFT Giveaway - We're exited to give away 3 out of 12 of our unique JIMMY THE CLOWN pieces. Follow us on instagram to join the contest!!! In case you lose our JIMMY THE CLOWN giveaway, don’t worry! We‘ll release our first drop on Monday 29 at https://opensea.io/collection/sadclowns
I'm livestreaming creating a new NFT Artwork from designing to minting! Come say hi!
Savix $SVX "defi for all" Launched Today on Uniswap!!
I'm livestreaming creating a new NFT Artwork from designing to minting! Come say hi!
Updates timeline
Does anyone know of a site to buy Ethereum that'll let you transfer to your wallet with a zero wait period?
Staking for ETH 2.0 or not. What if Ethereum losses importance and lower its price while you have your eths blocked? What are your thoughts on staking ETH 2.0 on Binance.
Ankr Eth price anomaly?
The NFT treasure hunt you're already playing, you just don't know it. Also raising funds for good causes :)
The NFT treasure hunt you're already playing, you just don't know it. Also raising funds for good causes :)
You're already playing this NFT treasure hunt, you just dont know it yet.
You're already playing this NFT treasure hunt, you just dont know it yet.
You're already playing this NFT treasure hunt, you just dont know it.
Your'e already playing this NFT treasure hunt, you just dont know it yet
Ugh
Are discord scams like this common? What is their end-goal, just sending you to a spyware address like normal 'you won a prize' scams?
Solve Care COVID-19 Daily Tips #2
END DAY  
Razor Network Partnership, Cohorts, Searching trending, LP provider with upto 150% APY
Almost 14 days later...
💜 LUV NFT Marketplace 🚀 4/21 Powered by $KSM $ETH $BTC
Tax Evasion NFT
Almost 14 days later…
Hi
Is this legit?
Is this a scam...? If so could ever crypto believer repost this....
Building a way to crowdsource yield farming opportunities
Made A Relatively Large Investment Into ETH, And Am Not Sure What To Do With It
Super simple list of Ethereum L2s -- @EthereumL2s
Traders and investors
Ethereum: The F-Word -- Benjamin Cowen
Are any big companies investing in ETH?
ETH
Check out these new drops feedback welcome
Don't be that guy! www.digimaxai.com
Is Ethereum a better investment than Bitcoin right now? Help a noob out.
Monochromatic Trip [2/2] - Did this put you in a trance?🌀 Available now!
Crypto Protocols Are Social-Coordination Games.
What is ethereum?
A Potential Danger of Borrowing On Compound Finance
I apologize if something like this has been posted on here before. This is something I feel everyone on here should know, particularly if you are new to the crypto space.
Actual giveaway
Fastest way to convert Fiat USD to ETH Wallet?
With exchanges have lowest fees
Airdrops anyone ?
MLB At Bat Marketplace on OpenSea: Buy, sell, and explore digital assets
Old guys in Biden admin: “I wonder if we could make a system to track this. There’s gotta be some tech out there....”
Ethereum Prices Are Set to Go Ballistic on NFT Mania
My second NFT is about Ethereum! I want to share this with you!
Wtf is going on here, ETC?
My 1st NFT up for grabs Morgan freeman. what do you think ? Check out the Link in the comments below for other NFTs including gifs and nature pictures. thank you
Nvidia GTX 1660 Super various cards with various types of Clock Offset for perfect performance
My band’s first NFT!
Will My Ethereum become Ethereum 2
Hodl The Line
If anyone is interested in this NFT do me and let me know!!
How do I may money from Eth?
Best Way/Strategy to Mint Art NFTs for Aspiring Artists
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
What are NFTs?
Is that normal , graph jumping like frog...?
staking question w/ gas fees
"NFTs are stupid" &gt; 25,000 views - NO BIDS 🤣
Alchemy releases allowing anyone to tokenize their NFTs as liquid and tradable DAOs!
Coinbase to Gemini
Can I keep nft coins on my trezor eth wallet?
Let's help our Ethereum community members! You can support just by reading the post
Read ASAP!
Would anybody be interested in a Binance account invite for 10% fees discount forever?
Soldity Developer Vs Dapp Developer
Daytrade or HODL ETHEREUM?
SEEKING: Blockchain Developers (Lucrative Opportunity!)
Thoughts on Aztec and the Noir proof language?
Salvador Dali: Satoshi's White Paper - an alternative interpretation of the Dalinean Prophecy
Why does Ethereum's future look brighter than Bitcoin?
I'm tired of you people's hate on us miners
An accurate quote made by A.I
Ethereum wallet scam
Can we get real about Optimism, please?
ETH Skepticism and Risk Assessment
#KNITFINANCE #Blockchain #cryptocurrency and #BTC
Minted my first NFT. I'll post a link in the comments.
Creating a Cryptocurrency from Scratch
Staking
Ethereum 2.0 can’t come faster
Why would you want eth nfts?
Look at this NFT! Planet Earthereum by ECBY in ECBYart on OpenSea.
Crypto the next gold standard??
Registering a .ETH domains via ens.domains - stuck on step 1 (for a very long time)
EIP-1559 May Not Reduce Gas Fees
Check out our first NFT's, including both 3d and Idle animation. Website is in the comments for more information on the first NFT world. The Brute Goblin...
Buy ETH from Ivory Coast ?
THIS IS FUCKING AMAZING
Ethereum's Hashrate Reaches New ATH Fueling ETH Price Recovery
Most efficient, safest, and low cost (fees) way to purchase/transfer ethereum?
EasyfiNetwork is the first-ever Layer-2 lending protocol to list exclusive money markets for #MATIC - Supply and Borrow Matic Now!!!
Ethevent participation: feedback
A brain dump on PoS vs PoW arguments
Creating JSON/Keystore File from Private Key
ALERT SCAM! EVENTETH.US SCAM!
I think I just got scammed out of my Etherium and bitcoin. I was watching Event 2021 live on Youtube this morning and went to https://eventeth.us is this a scam, please tell me it's not so.....
What do you think of Uniswap V3's copyright restrictions?
First crypto transfer ever, turned out my pc has a trojan that changed my copy + paste to hacker's address
ETH2 March Development Update — Prysmatic Labs
Introducing Ethereum monitoring toolbar app for macOS
Hey guys I need help im new to this
Simple ethereum question - unlimited supply?
NFTs will be dominated by art that average people also appreciate as more and more people have access to the blockchain. Introducing Crypteriors, where we speak a language that everyone understands.
Ethereum Mining Effortlessly IOS and Android
Is Ethereum technologically superior?
New to all this crypto
Understanding fees/Wallets/Exchanges
How is Ethereum superior?
2021 Biggest ICO Bonus code Ex7522j5x7 StudentCoin
Not an NFT, but I am accepting ETH as payment for this original painting. Auction being held on IG today only! I’ll link in the comments
Eosio nfts are faster and cheaper then eth nfts due to better blockchain tech
BTC or ETH
ETH from Coinbase to Exodus
Ethereum Foundation Scam
ETH 2.0 and complex DEFI protocols sustainability.
ERC20 historical data request assistance
Scam?
Incorporating Ethereum into everyday life
Cryptocurrencies changed my priorities as a shop owner : Having more than one product ? Meh.. Worldwide shipping ? Pff.. Complex and mind blowing designs ? Just no.. Can pay with Ethereum ? Yes! Yes! Yes!
New to Ethereum soon (wallet, staking etc)
My ethereum wallet is not responding anymore
Event ETH 2021, is the giveaway legit?
ETH Giveaway - is the EVENTETH.US legit? If you send 5+ ETH, you will be get 10+ ETH back.
Is there a way to remove LPs manually if the site I have staked them on has them locked?
Laura Clark vadimpopov9
I’m about to drop my ROOF ROOF Collection get ready!!! Starting bid will be 1$ a piece get ready because once drop the bid will go off 😎 @mcuban #NFT #nftcollector #NFTCommunity #NFTdrop #NFTcollectibles #NFTcollectible #artwork #ART #Digital #cryptocurrencies #Cryptoartists
What is this pattern called lmao
Claiming Coins after Hard Fork
Next eth based moonshot! Refer friends and get eth!
Who took the decision to switch to POS in Ethereum?
I Created My First NFT Today and I Wanted to Share My Experience
Rolled my Bitcoin into ethereum.
Play to Earn: NFTs, Asset Scarcity &amp; What it Means for You | Enjin Blog
NFTs on SNL
The new AMD driver blocks ehtereum phoenix miner
What's the difference between attestation and finality?
Ethereum Crypto Class Fighter
Truly decentralized oracles are here Smart contracts do not have access to external data. Such data is necessary for operation of various decentralized applications. Traditionally this is done by using a centralized servers called “Oracles”. But they are a single point of failure in otherwise dece
END DAY  
EIP-2535 Diamonds is a standardized architecture for large smart contract systems. Standardization comes with the benefit of software integration. For example now there's a user interface that works for all diamonds
Adopting endangered animals on the blockchain for fun and profit.
Euro Stays Fragile As ECB Accelerates the PEPP Process
I'm disappointed in MEW smartphone app as a new investor
I feel so discouraged buying my first eth investment
Karl Lagerfeld by Elias Morgan, exclusively available on Rarible! There exists only one of this item, upon purchase the actual 1ft statue will be rewarded to its new owner. #NFT #NFTart #Lego #NFTartist #NFTcreator
Whiteheart Finance - Huge Gains, Low Cap, Unique Features
What are the best Ethereum ClubHouse rooms?
Impressive Stats of the Launch !
First-ever fractional eth purchase on Gemini
KeepKey on its way! What online exchanges work BEST with keepkey?
Not kidding, where is Ethereum real used today?
Newbie question regarding price of Ether &amp; relationship to cost of transaction on blockchain
Visa has more conviction or knowledge about Ethereum that we don't?
STC ICO don’t miss it!🚀
How can I invest my RRSP money in Ethereum?
I have 1 eth?
Be part of internet history: Worst NFT Ever
Mine crypto from your phone!!
Joined the 2 ETH club today, scared and exited at the same time
Why is a DAG memory hard?
NFT
QUESTION
Ethereum's Amount of New Addresses Continues Long-Term Climb, Tokens Continue Moving Off Exchanges
Trying something new - I adopted a gorilla (Suraurwanda) from the Dian Fossey Gorilla Fund and am offering it as an NFT. 10% royalties go back to, WildTomorrowFund.org
What protocol(s) will visa and other major banks use
Liquity Raises $6M in Series A Funding
Eth 2.0 should be advertised better for noobs. This is the more underappreciated catalyst in the market.
Eth-backed data cooperatives could transform digital marketing
Ethereum NFT game. Buy yourself a part of virtual Berlin!
Where's those $ETH killers? 💎🚀❤️
Trouble accessing the OG Ethereum Wallet(Mist?), conflicting information, trying to secure old crypto wallet?
Ethermine losing its miners 3x more than it gains them from MEV (please doublecheck)
Ethereum “Killer” Solana Surges 14% on a Slow Market Day - Decrypt
What to do with wallets when the fork happens
Hi there Ethereums!
BitPaX
46821 Block Confirmations and Growing - Will the TX ever go through?
$7.2 billion passes through Uniswap today, more than tripling previous high of $2.19b
OMG Network, Hashcast, Varna DEX, L2 Quasar Fast Exits
Need help with maybe starting to mine.
useNft() 0.4 adds support for MoonCats and CryptoKitties
Will my transactions ever confirm??
Terrible terrible fees
[Question] Is there any statements or thoughts from Vitalik regarding CasperLabs and their issuing of Casper token?
Help With Brownie Questions for $Tip.
Setting up Ether wallet questions
Cryptocurrency Newbie here (Question)
A good wallet for etherium classic
I built The Place, an Ethereum NFT-powered successor to r/place
Thanks to ETH I can now retire and live off my interest rewards!
Check out handcraft stop-motion ethereum.♥️🥰 what do you think? ✂️
The London fork
No way people are actually buying this shirt
Visa Starts Settling Payments in USDC on Ethereum Blockchain
What are non-fungible fillable tokens (NFFT)?
Why 15s for block production? What happens if a contract code runs for more than 15s?
Layer 2 options, how do they compare - CELR v MATIC v SKALE
I ONLY own less than half ETH but I'm proud of it. Learning a lot!
Interesting ERC-20 project
Growth hacker uses ETH and BTC to help the unhoused
Ethereum Price Prediction: ETH rolls toward $2,000 as resistance weakens
TIFU: I got scammed
Kinda new to ethereum from the research ive done on crypto i love it, but in curious if my current ETH will go away once it splits into ETH 2.0 i want to invest in 2.0 so im not sure if i should buy more ETH now or wait until 2.0 can somebody help me understand that please
Really enjoying this book right now and highly recommend it - "The Infinite Machine" (it's all about Ethereum and Vitalik)
Razor Network is the best decentralized Oracle network for decentralized; 🔸️Stablecoins 🔸️Insurance 🔸️Prediction markets 🔸️Creation of Synthetic assets 🔸️Lending 🔸️Exchanges and derivatives trading market 🔸️Identity.
Understanding Gas Fees on Popular Contracts
Crypto Art NFTs With ‘Superpowers’ Ether Cards Sell $9M in One Day
L2 DEX 24 Hour Volume - 3/29
The Optimistic Ethereum L2 Explorer (Etherscan for Optimism)
Bitpay KYC question
Polymarket Confusion
Dogira - have a look at this new coin
What the *** is up with these gas fees?
Im buying 200 colors from Pantones NFT project
Please no! 🥲
Rolling 12 Month History of ETH Returns
On November 2020, I made a video on ETH reaching ﹩2000. In this video I set the key support/resistance levels, apply the Larsson Line trend indicator to $ETH, analyze the Bitcoin vs Altcoin dominance chart and I give you my upside and downside analysis. Watch 4 months later and see if I was right!
Bitcoin Caught Your Attention. Now Blockchain Is About to Catch Fire in the Film Industry.
Looking for a pro
News: Helium Network sensor data can now be piped to the Streamr Network. Once connected, users can broadcast the data to apps, package it as a data product on the Marketplace, or crowdsell it in a Data Union:
Geometric NFT
Trading my 1st ever personally designed music video thumbnail as an NFT!! Up for ethereum bids now!!!
This is my 4th NFT which is an ad concept for Ethereum using a new term I coined. This the first appearance of this term.
NFT to Save Myanmar !
ETH Miner On Telegram
Video game application
So who is sending transactions now ?
Nft give away to 1 winner Go to my twitter repost, tag 2 friends and follow me to participate on twitter. Link below.
Layer-2 Ethereum is In Supersonic Mode!! 💜Big Props To Everyone Leading the Charge! 🚀
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A10 Pro 750Mh + 7GB is now available with 35% Reduced price
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A10 Pro 750Mh + 7GB is now available with 35% Reduced price
I sold 2 Cardano NFTs at 15 times its costs in less than 2 days but can't even sell a premium ENS domain at purchase price. What do you think about ETH's NFT future?
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A10 Pro 750Mh + 7GB is now available with 35% Reduced price
I sold 2 Cardano NFTs at 15 times its costs in less than 2 days but can't even sell a premium ENS domain at purchase price. What do you think about ETH's NFT future?
Quick question about fees
Switching from PoW to PoS is good for ETH?
What’s New in Eth2 - 28 March 2021 -- Edition 65
Amazing to see ETH addresses on Visa settlement reports as we integrate public blockchains into our core settlement infrastructure...
New NFT's and Ethereum Giveaway! We will be giving away 15 Ethereum to a few lucky winners. Goblin race drops March 30th! Links in the comments for rules and more
The Case for Ethereum as Winner of the Smart Contract Wars - The Tokenist
Visa Will Start Settling Transactions With Crypto Partners In USDC On Ethereum
Visa Becomes First Major Payments Network to Settle Transactions in USDC over Ethereum—one of the most actively used open-source blockchains.
dog fight
Do fees get lower when there are more miners?
The Ethereum Value Proposition: A Beginner's Guide
Does using multiple L2 solutions require an Eth deposits in each platform?
Is there any legit reason Ethereum wouldn't succeed? I can't think of one. Just curious
Thanks Visa, nice job hodlers
Love is... Hits, it means he loves!
Visa Will Start Settling Transactions With Crypto Partners In USDC On Ethereum
Join the #GalaxyFarm by Router Protocol. Stake 1: Farm 5. Great rewards in 5 tokens. $ROUTE $MATIC $EASY $OM $RAZOR. http://galaxyfarm.routerprotocol.com
Total newbie: Where is my half ethereum gone?
Ride the wave. 🌊🌊🚀🚀🚀
Say My Name
Non-fungible Tokens (NFTs): Cryptokitties Reinvented, Short-Term Hype or Approaching Revolution?
layer 2 degate social round is coming, 8pm UTC+8. starts in 30 min.
Newbie question about coinbase
I have a "blocked transaction"
Visa to use USDC stablecoin to settle transactions over Ethereum | Mobile Marketing Reads
Visa Starts Settling Transactions in USD Coin On Ethereum
The state of IOTA
https://discord.gg/onlynudes
I wonder what maximalists are going to say about Visa chosing to pilot on Ethereum
The world's first NFT+DID data protocol
Visa now settles payments in USDC stablecoin on Ethereum blockchain
Ether Impulse
NFT that represent the Modern Noble Prize Nominated Democracy Movement !
Guide for NFT tokenization through fungible DAO creation
VISA launches a pilot program to settle transactions using Ethereum &amp; USDC stable coin
Visa announced the use of USD Coin (USDC), to settle a transaction with Visa over Ethereum (news that we deserve eh!)
VISA to allow USDC settlements via Ethereum on its network
MY FIRST NFT (mini Story)
Visa now settles payments in USDC stablecoin on Ethereum blockchain
The proportion of staked ETH has reached the 3% mark. Currently, over 3.6M ETH.
My first NFT Story.
Matter Labs brings zkSync to the imToken wallet app
Visa allows crypto payments on ethereum blockchain.
Is ETH too advanced to understand?
#KNITFINANCE #Blockchain #cryptocurrency and #BTC
Lion King on HECO, a project you shouldn't miss
New app on android to display NFTs
The proportion of staked ETH has reached the 3% mark. Currently, over 3.6B ETH.
Crypto Trends 29 March 2021; 🧦 Uniswap v3; 📆 Community launch of Optimism ~ July; 👩‍💻 Remix @ imports &amp; deep linking; + VB on Legitimacy
Our crypto gem
Vitalik live YouTube interview was cut off
Ethereum Foundation YouTube channel banned?
OneMillionNFT, NFT History
The World’s Most Expensive Business Card is up for sale at 666ETH — as an NFT.
Why investment in Ethereum is good?
Lawsuit INC
Does Coinbase Commerce (and other payment processors) accept ETH payments via Tornado.cash?
Why does Ethereum's future look brighter than Bitcoin?
`harmony` : Ethereum Mempool Viewer with P2P Networking , much broader view than before
The Laymans NFT
Sent erc20 tokens to Roobet on accident anyway I can recover these or get them back or am I sol.
Ordering Pizza through a Smart Contract
Bitcoin, Dogecoin and Ethereum should be used for trading in GTA
END DAY  
New legit scam attempt!
New legit scam attempt!
This is the price action I see...
Is there a way to sync to get the latest balance?
Entire Ethereum Chain De/compressed | 2kb
An Ethereum Billboard
Ethereum Billboard
Scammed out of 1.22ETH
What happens to the current Ethereum token once Eth2.0 is released?
Bullish?
I have 50 eth, wtf should I do with it?
Looking for help here- does anyone know why there is such a huge difference in how much i paid ($2,751.30) , vs how much i got in this transaction ($2,334.67)? My slippage was set to 2%
Check out my new NFT Art
What happened to the official wallet?
The two types of Crypto Art sellers.
Is it safe/better to buy Binance-Peg Ethereum?
Understanding ENS
Tomorrow is 1st April. What's up with the ethermine.org's "show of force"
TOP ALTCOINS FOR APRIL 2021 | 300% Potential!
Layer 2 DEXs
To my fellow miners: What are we going to do with our older GPUs once we move to POS?
This switch to British summer lime has got me feeling zesty
POS Questions
Which is the best overall hardware wallet?
$DG largely unknown hidden gem | NFT &amp; Gaming
Tangem Card - Complete Custody Now Comes In A Card
$DG largely unknown hidden gem
Usual times for better dips, need some opinions
Is the concept of STORJ ethical?
MyCrypto migrates their memberships to xDai Chain
How much is this?
Mistakenly had my mining payout sent to old wallet that I can't access. Now what?
Is Jesus Christ Satoshi?
Interesting ECR-20 project
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
Why am I blocked here?
Miami Mayor wants to turn the city into a bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies mining hub with clean energy
I think this gives too much to discuss about
imToken Announces US$30 million Series B Investment
Ethereum Feature Film
The William Shatner is deal is finally live: you can buy the captain's stuff (and a few hundred more items in coming weeks) for Ether. With that whole fancy legal provenance thing Mattereum has been building for years, what's more. Now I'm going to get drunk :) Bottoms up!
Do you think Ethereum will actually switch to PoS in July?
The William Shatner is finally live: you can buy the captain's stuff (and a few hundred more items in coming weeks) for Ether, with that whole fancy legal provenance thing Mattereum has been building for years. Now I'm going to get drunk :) Bottoms up!
Possible scam
Me today after buying 15 shares of eth in January
NFT breakthrough: Ethereum co-founder Joe Lubin creates 99% energy efficient blockchain—and Damien Hirst is its first artist | The Art Newspaper
Ethereum YouTube Credibility
Capping the number of actively attesting validators
$3 FOR COFFEE + $300 GAS FEE
A POW rebuttal towards Vitalik’s POS post
PLEASE need help! Scammers may have got me, I need to know what to do!
Help me and yourself and get us both 25$ using my refferal code! :) easy money
Your opinion
Lower user risk and automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender 💻 Learn how in our demo 🛡️ DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps) 🗣️ Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
I want to hear your success stories with a specific trading strategy
Can you sell source code for your app as an NFT?
I want to hear your success stories with a specific trading strategy.
Hedgey Finance is inviting Ethereum based projects to launch options markets on their ERC-20 token when Hedgey V1 is launched
Wavelength NFT: 20 gorgeous oceanographic telemetry art pieces verified by the Ethereum blockchain, telling the multi-year stories of individual surf breaks. Portion of auction profits go to the Heal The Bay charity to offset the environmental impact of cryptocurrency mining.
Nvidia Resizable Bar Question
Site to show the contracts my address has interacted with?
The main advantages of the Bitcoin network
PoS: How Tax Authorities can hinder and boost ETH Staking
PayPal Allows Use Of Cryptocurrencies To Purchase Goods In US
Bulls in the house! Shall i do a nft out of it?
Ethereum-Complete Guide on World’s Second Crypto
Can companies like stake.fish steal your ETH or prevent you from withdrawing if they are hacked?
The flippening.
Grayscale Adds Billions in ETH, BTC and Altcoins Over Weekend
savix
Creating fake volume on a DEX
eth
Is 14% the cost to participate?
The First Dao to run a validator
I created an Ethereum Rocket – You can support me: https://shop.spreadshirt.de/cryptoclothing/
Are there any other ways to transfer with lower fees?
Incentive misalignment in staking
Noob question: Proposed 51% attack on Thursday April 1st an opportunity for a value buy?
Trigger Warning: ETHEREUM IS BROKEN! Deep Dive With Bitcoin Experts (Clubhouse Audio)
As an ETH hodler, how do you feel about inflation?
EthHub Weekly #159: Visa choses Ethereum, Uniswap v3, AllCoreDevs updates, Optimism delayed a few months, Arbitrum launches mainnet candidate, Hermez Network, zksync 2.0 and ETH is ultrasound money
Superstar artist Damien Hirst to sell 10,000 NFTs using a new Ethereum technology called Palm
ConsenSys Lines Up Damien Hirst to Launch New NFT Art Protocol
HOPR Farm 🪴 Season 1 has begun!
What's your prediction of the next dip?
district0x Dev Update - March 30th, 2021
Iowa Lawmakers Pass Blockchain-Friendly Legislation
TAX EVASION NFT
Rayonism ☀️ - Multi-client Scaling Hackathon project - to build Merge testnets and Sharding prototype
Genesis Shards announces the FIRST EVER Polkastarter DUAL IDO on Ethereum &amp; Binance Smart Chain
A Year in the Life of a Compiler Fuzzing Campaign
How does USDC/USDT and other tokens made on ETH uses up more and more ETH? Can someone explain or share the link of a video/article explaining it?
Dead Coin
Reject transactions from unknown addresses
Noobquestion: Do we already have a estimated Date when etherium will Switch to proof of stake ?
How I feel with my humble Swiss charity e-commerce accepting Ethereum to buy t-shirts compared to big companies doing the same.. We'll get there !
CoinBureau giving Decentraland some love
Reject transaction from unknown addresses
check out my first NFT on rarible
is proofofhumanity.id a scam?
VISA USING ETHEREUM | 📒 ⚠️📒 ⚠️ ETHEREUM PRICE RPEDICTION 🚀🚀
Are Coins/Tokens with private community legit?
A reminder to newcomers: be sure to check out the sister subreddits as well!
Ars Technica’s non-fungible guide to NFTs
Ethereum Deposit Addresses at Exchanges
Ethereum Deposit Addresses at
Minted another piece: cRypto Panda (RARIBLE)
Can Ethereum have EIP1559 with PoW?
Any Devs try their hand at creating dApps on Algorand? Gas fees are killing me
Understanding Bitcoin’s Market Cycles: 3 Simple indicators for future tops and bottoms / If BTC goes into bear markets, ETH will too
Ternio Investor Video with Ternio's Leadership Team
The Ethereum Gas Report - What's Causing High Gas Prices and Will EIP-1559 Fix It?
PayPal will let United States users pay with Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin'.
Great NEWS: Equilibrium’s DOT/EQ token swap starts on April 12 - Ready to kick off the first phase of their Parachain Lease Offering (PLO)!!
Mainstream education over crypto
PAYPAL LAUNCHES BITCOIN ETHEREUM LITECOIN CRYPTO CHECKOUT SERVICE! LANDMARK DAY FOR CRYPTO!
Breaking: Paypal Launches Crypto Checkout Service In BTC, ETH, BCH And LTC
How does EIP 1559 impact Gas issues?
nice.png
PayPal now allows US customers to pay with Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin
What is Ethereum?
Help needed to have some ETH in my CoinBase wallet
Has anyone tried CudoMiner? Is it worth it?
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
PayPal to allow Americans to pay with Bitcoin, Ethereum at over 29 million vendors
Custom Ethereum mining board
Are there any good video sources to learn the technical side of Ethereum, like about what Layer 2 is?
Hello you guys! Just wanna know your opinion: keep on buying eth or wait a bit for a little dip?
How Ethereum’s Layer 2 scaling solutions tackle blockchain’s biggest problem - LimeChain
Why is Ethereum better than Bitcoin?
PayPal will let US users pay with Bitcoin, Ethereum and Litecoin starting today
new crypto domains based on selling in eth in my opinion this is the future of the decentralized web
Smart NFT in DeFi reducing the friction of smart-contracts interaction
$300 Impulse
I did a detailed chart analyse today. Its a result: bullish one for Eth!!
Ethereum airlines expansion
How will mining strike affect Ethereum?
Competitors eating our Marketcap
GAS FEES
American Psycho with Crypto Cards
Ethereum Development Company in Singapore
Noob gets rekt by ETH gas fees
Visa Settlements Enhance Ethereum as 'Ultra Sound Money'
Decentralized Finance (DeFi) on Ethereum: The Future of Finance?
How do you feel about ETH's stagnation today compared to its competitors, Cardano, Solana and Avalenche?
How do you feel about ETH's stagnation today compared to its competitors, Cardano, Solana and Avalenche?
The money printing industry must be making a mint.
Adopting Endangered Animals on the Blockchain for Fun and Profit
An updated roadmap for Stateless Ethereum - Eth1.x Research
?????!
?????????
Out of the frame #openseacollection #nftart #art #nftartist #cryproart
let's gooooooooooo successfully purchased my first ETH trading up smaller coins :) :)
Razor Network mechanism: Dispute escalation and resolution mechanism makes it extremely resistant to collusion, bribing and censorship attacks. https://Razor.Network
END DAY  
Has anybody tried Pionex?
Where can I sign up and buy ETH to withdraw instantly?
🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙🌙🌙💎💎💎🙌🙌🙌🙌
Ethereum 2
What's happening with ETH 2.0?
It’s a sticker book 📚🏟
It’s a sticker book 📚🏟
ERC20 / DEX / Fee's - Question
Mutual Banking on the Ethereum Blockchain
its not much, but I'm excited!
My first smart contract! What did I learn?
This is clean
Question about moving from coinbase
Witek discusses Enjin and Efinity!
An Overview of Ethereum’s Layer 2 Ecosystem -- The Block Research
Hi, I've got an NFT podcast and I'm looking for people to interview about ethereum.
Was Visa's USDC transactions settled on the Ethereum Blockchain?
“Patsy attacks”, a possible IRL exploit against blockchain tech
Help
ASIC miners + 1559 + quick PoS... Potential problem?
Does buying eth give me exposure to Ethereum? Or is it possible for eth to fail but the network to thrive?
NFT marketplace OpenSea plans to integrate Ethereum Layer 2 protocol Immutable X
Take a look into the past for BTC, next huge story will be with CSE: DIGI, NASDAQ OTC: DBKSF www.digimaxai.com
How do I import my Ethereum pre-sale .json file? What wallet should I use?
Which coins do you think will be affected the most with the upcoming upgrade?
Ethereum 2.0 To SkyRocket From DeFi Rise!!! ETH Monopoly To Remain and won't be Dethroned.
Everything Ethereum touches
A chain that doesent burn fees can have higher payouts for stakers and lower inflation
I’ve just got my second ethereum coin
ProjectAI - Collection AI generated art, available at Opensea for 0.9 to 0.5 eth.
Leverage ETH
Your reasons for holding your ETH?
What are your main reasons for holding your ETH, why do you guys think ethereum will succeed and beat the competition?
Cosmo is happy that ETH broke $1900 (sound up).
$50,000 USDC MarginSwap contest smart contract audit contest kicks off in one day
[Old but still useful imo] My annotated spec of the ethereum beacon chain (PoS) protocol
A site to remove spending authorization from dApps?
best eth wallets for kids
Ethereum T/A - moon very soon!!! Maybe Mars!!!! $$$
New investor
Price Prediction ETHEREUM 2021 - 2025 | ETH BULL RUN IS ON!
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
🔐 Learn how to setup user roles for your smart contracts to protect privileged functions. Led by Fran Giordano - Software Engineer at OpenZeppelin; 📆 Thursday 8th April; 1pm PT/4pm ET/8pm UTC
🚀 🚀 🌙 🌙 💎💎🙌🙌
Purchased a small amount of Ethereum..
Why I'm Taking My Hashing Power OFF Ethermine Tomorrow
failed transactions from 3 years ago never reverted?
Is this ethereum rig worth 20k 780M/ h 1500w?? 3 year warranty on cards.
Bitcoin payments unlikely to scale
ETHEREUM BLAST OFF
Bitcoin payments unlikely to scale
Ethereum developers say an upgrade that will destroy coins is very popular with users after tensions with miners rise
A little experiment...can I get a retweet?
The Cost of Proof of Work
Any price predictions with the next 2.0 platform coming up?
Noob Questions
If I send my Ethereum (purchased off coinbase and kraken (2017-2020)) and held on ledger to an exchange where my Dutch or Swiss bank account is how will the US be able to track my capital gains?
3 Reasons Ethereum Is About to Skyrocket
Binance: What happens when I buy BETH with ETH instead of staking ETH?
Good Ethereum- / Crypto-Twitter Lists?
Ethereum help
Ethereum: The Programmable Blockchain Changing the World
Greate writeup on the tradeoffs between the different L2 solutions.
Staking on Guarda
Ethereum and Polkadot
Is the spike finally here to stay ? 🤪
No Nonsense Investment Thesis for Ethereum and Bitcoin
Nft popularity and the price of Ether
NFTs unbundle ownership from enjoyment
How do i get the formula to calculate my income?
What happens when I but BETH with ETH on binance?
NFTs of ENS TLDs to be Auctioned Alongside DNS Versions by UNR
Shall i put my stimulus in eth?
Billie has gone NFT ? No Time To NFT
What is Flashbots and How this Transactions by miners cost zero fee?
(Be The First) Billie Eilish - No Time To NFT
Community Update #11: March In-Review, STAKEHOUSE Demo, Coldsnap Collaboration, and Berlin Hardfork
I interviewed the CEO of CoinBurp, a UK DeFi/NFT wallet. My favourite takeaway is that NFTs ARE a bubble and it WILL pop, but that all the (dumb) investment they're driving will fuel MASSIVE growth in a couple of years.
I'm doing my part! :D
AAVE is scaling with Polygon, expecting to reduce fees substantially
What happened to Swarm? Filecoin worth 385b fully diluted, is now worth more than Ethereum
Razor Network Partners with Layer-2 Decentralized Exchange Injective Protocol to provide secure and reliable real-world price feeds for the Injective DEX The partnership between @razor_network and Injective Protocol will enable the Injective DEX to access more assets in a secure and reliable manner
Why do ETH Gas prices crap the bed on Wednesday?
Ethereum beats Lightning
x*y=k...An Ethereum Story
Ethereum beats Lightning
🎙️ METACAST: Top Crypto Podcasts of March 2021
Enjin building NFT blockchain as Polkadot parachain
I’m so happy to join the club !!! I wake up every morning with a big 😁!! Knowing I own 1 Etherum.
Is ETH really this easy to buy?
Is ETH really this easy?
What Is TotemFi? | CoinMarketCap
What’s a realistic price for etherum by the end of 2022
Taxes suck - converting BTC to ETH
Any crypto traders out there that would be willing to tell us about their experiences using decentralized exchanges?
Understanding how to use ENS to replace public address
I'm stuck ?
Why would setting a Minimum transaction fee and a Maximum transaction fee would be a stupid idea??
Any great Ethereum/Crypto podcasts to learn from?
Unisocks Explained in-depth
How can I create an Android Studio App that runs on Ethereum? I am trying to make a simple voting app to get started...
By Proxy - original trip-hop music up on Open Sea!
Accidentally sent DIA (from MetaMask) to my Uphold Wallet only to find out it only accepts ETH? What can I do? Is the lost?
Is it worth buying a rig to mine ethereum?
🖤 KOLK 👽 NFT
Lines https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/6937560940680231479358409063095821877618905473523529110482062400545896792065
Over 40 DApp Integrations on Polygon Network this month. All with different goals and visions...The Polygon Network is growing very fast, you can experience Layer 2 scaling too. Bring your DApp to Polygon.
Running a node for RPC
How to earn profit playing Polka City
Need some help with NFT entry fee.
Safe wallet for holding ETH
Love On Fist Sight (Chainlink)
Fee burning creates incentives to form a fee market outside of the protocol
Now a good time to buy or wait for dip?
How do I move my ETH on Binance to MetaMask?
Could anybody send me some ETH on Rinkeby? All the faucets are empty.
Is mining even worth it?
This past/last weeks remaining positions yet to sell. Who picked up on this and brought where I got in at? I mean I can happily say my learning is paying of!?
A non-custodial cross-chain prediction market and hedging platform have successfully integrated Polygon enabling users to predict using $MATIC tokens
Over 72M worth of ETH Futures liquidated between 7:30 - 8 AM GMT !!
Ankr is adding beta solutions for Layer2 API services to provide the best user experience for your DApps on Ethereum.
"Ethereum and The Seven Dwarfs" (2019)
Can Ethereum (ETH) and Litecoin (LTC) grow faster than Bitcoin (BTC) for a while?
Egypt is making the use of Cargox (runs on Ethereum) mandatory for their new ACI customs system from the 1st of July
AMD makes its move on GPUs
It's gamers versus miners, where do you stand?
Matic now listed on Okex Exchange. You can now trade Matic to Usdt easily
Can't wait for the nodes to accept this boiii
One of the best, most comprehensive write-ups I have ever read. Kudos to you u/GetYourAssToPluto. Bullish as fuck!
[GUIDE] I Have Created The Absolute Beginner’s Guide to Cryptocurrency Investing
R3 Corda Now Has a Bridge to Public Blockchains With Arrival of Ethereum-Based XDC
NFT breakthrough: Ethereum co-founder Joe Lubin creates 99% energy efficient blockchain—and Damien Hirst is its first artist
Tipps for a Noob
Why doesn't PALM use ETH for txn fees instead of its own token?
Worst NFT Ever
Is this a scam?
Slovenian startup offers all-in-one POS terminal - allows paying with crypto, cards, and digital payments all on one device - Ethereum supported!
Gas fee's questions, I'm new to this
New node visibility
Hi Guys
New Ethereum Node
Where is my transaction ? Please help !
Bullish traders cast low-risk Ethereum options bets with this clever strategy
https://cpmlink.net/XahsAQ ETH to da moon
My USDT stuck on the blockchain
Tricked out of 5.5 ETH by fake site
Scammed out of 5.5 ETH by duplicate site
I lost 5.5 ETH from duplicate website
Scammed out of 5.5 ETH by duplicate site
How long does using 'save low' gas fees take
Staking ETH guidance
Has anyone downloaded and used the CryptoTab Browser? Is it legit? Does it actually work? https://cryptotabbrowser.com/21574067
Hello Everyone. Here is a funny Skit on NFT's so we can take a break from all the searches. Enjoy
END DAY  
Analysis: Is Providing Liquidity to Uniswap Profitable?
OMG Network supposed to reduce gas fees?
Eth Train
Finally 2K... again...
Finally 😂
$2K ETH UPVOTE PARTY!!!
Coinbase wallet - Do they lose money on transaction fees?
Is Robinhood good for long term ethereum??
PLEASE EXPLAIN 'PREMINED'
How ETH POS can mint new coins when POW is over?
we meet again!
Will ETH die because of gas problems?
Good portfolio tracker
DeFi Vampirism Draws First Blood As Dracula Protocol Upgrades to v2
1ETH fee for creating urbit addres??
What happens to your ETH when we finally transition into ETH 2.0?
Two thousand!
Let's Mudaf**kin gooooooh!!
Looks like success to me! I find myself feeling lucky to have been randomly looking at this as it happened. I check about twice a day while checking Mh rates
We made it boys
ETH
Ethereum just passed the 2k mark!
Buying more Eth
Teeka Tiwari, ETH, HIVE Blockchain Tech, and DEFI Tech
Dracula Protocol's Growth Hacking Tricks: A Crypto-Marketing Story
Hey guys, I'm building a cryptocurrency social network and would love to hear your feedback! There's an Ethereum category that already created
Bitcoin Proponent Nic Carter Admits Eth Could Outperform Bitcoin on Lex Fridman Podcast
When it comes to DApps, Ethereum is on top, but DragonChain may be the best
Best liquidity pool pair to put ETH in? Im a newbie here
Ways of transmitting small amounts of ethereum
GitNFT - Mint your GitHub commits into NFTs. Currently in beta, come check us out! [GitNFT.io ](http://gitnft.io)
Testicular Moonshot To Your Mother's Pie
zkEVM + NFTs = The Future
Where can I find the official specification for Casper?
Ways to send crypto without internet
How much ETH do you currently hodl? (A discussion on Ethereum holding distribution)
How much ETH do you currently hodl? (A discussion on holding distribution)
Mark Cuban believes that Ethereum is "the closest to a true currency" -- CNBC
6969.69 next 📈
Ethereum (ETH) could reach $10,000 through the end of 2022:
"High Like Ethereum": by Brittcoin
POS and Beacon Chain questions
Can anyone give me advice on how to write a smart contract that creates a wallet where crypto received automatically gets spent on laptops that get donated to high school students?
Healthcare Revolution: Solve.Care Releases the Care.Protocol
A new NFT project
Wife Beater Beaters Original Animation Clips Marketplace on OpenSea: Buy, sell, and explore digital assets
NEXT.chain Insights. / Nextchain
10 Reasons why you should consider launching a NEXT Masternode / Nextchain
Worth mining eth?
What determines ETH gas fee?
It is Monday morning in Australia &amp; I am hearing that a STAMPEDE is underway! Scores of customers with SYNTHETIC PRODUCTS will be contacting the Perth Mint demanding PHYSICAL SILVER! However, they CANNOT DELIVER! THEIR CREDIBILITY IS IN TATTERS! The staff of the Perth Mint have been instructed by m
Gas fee when failed transactions ?
Contract migration failed
Gas cost for a free NFT?
If/when ethereum becomes proof of work, what will the apr be if all ~100 million ethereum coins become staked?
What Eth 2.0 Meant in 2014 and What It Means Today
QuikNode is building a blockchain developer cloud platform to compete with AWS
Thoughts on Ethereum potentially breaking $3000?
Why ETH 2.0 alone won't change the efficiency problem
Synthetix Launches Staking on Optimistic Ethereum
Buterin is ready to flood Ethereum mines with fees to hasten the switch to 2.0
When ethereum becomes PoW, what will the apr be if all 100 million current ethereum are staked?
When ethereum becomes PoW, how much will the apr be if all 100 million current ethereum were staked?
"App Store" for smart contracts
Transaction expired
Coinbase on Twitter: We’re happy to announce that earlier today, the SEC declared our S-1 registration statement effective and that we expect our direct listing to occur on April 14, 2021, with our Class A common stock trading on the @NASDAQ under the ticker symbol COIN.
Introducing Blocknative Gas Estimator —Get into the next block without overpaying — Powered by the Blockantive Global Mempool Data Platform.
I am buying Nft's please drop your collection.
Rarepizzas to the moon🚀
OMG!! Fei Protocol and Alchemy Just Teamed Up 🚀
Interesting ERC-20 project in 2021 - A review
Does it cost any gas or fees to import a wallet into metamask using 12 word seed phrase?
EthereumJS VM v5.3.0 with Access List generation and new Block Builder API
India is banning crypto trade??
Ethereum 2K yet!?
Interesting ERC-20 project to invest in 2021 - A review
Is it possible to move all my tokens in a single transaction?
Alternatives to staking ETH to collect an APY return
Etherium=Freedom
ETH
ETH
Gas Fees to be Higher on Ethereum 2.0
Big pump, Big dump
ethereum price prediction by the end of today?
Prediction Market SX March Review, 29% MoM growth
Hard Fork Ethereum Blockchain
Blink Charging Shares Continue To Climb...
Who is really WINNING from NFT Hype?
ESP March Grantee Roundup
Would a digital platform for personal NFT art exhibits be useful?
Advice please
Why are people ignorant of crypto investment trust
Colony 2021 Product Roadmap - no-code DAO's on Colony will soon have Coin Machine, Reputation-Based Voting/Arbitration, &amp; the almighty Smite
What is Bisq equivalent of an Ethereum wallet?
Own a piece of animation history! NFT mp4 from the original groundbreaking series!
I don't see any increase in hash power on ethermine.org, I guess they gave up?
How can Ethereum both have low inflation and high staking rewards?
Best exchange?
RazorHighlights 🛠Razor Network Oracle Main Components : 1️⃣Stakers process queries &amp; results to client applications 2️⃣Job Manager accepts queries &amp; prioritizes in order of fees paid 3️⃣Any smart contract can access secure off-chain data 4️⃣Users using the Decentralized Oracle
PINEAPPLE CAT CHUBBY 😍
Merge Implementers' Call 1
Some Data-Centric Notes About Ethereum’s Gas Cost
Deep Dive into One of Cardano's (ADA) BIGGEST Differences from Ethereum (ETH). The Good AND Bad!
Spending stimmy on BTC with Spencino, Visa &amp; USDC, Billionaire reverses on BTC: To the Moon ep. 7
Update on the April 1 Miners' "Demonstration"?
Is miner tip fully optional in EIP 1559?
Probably ETH and this community was better before NFTs?
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013/2021
Ethereum generates 54 billion USD in TVL in Q1 2021
If I had balls I'd short ethereum
Ethereum generates 54 billion USD in TVL in Q1 2020
Ethereum maintained leadership by generating $54 billion in TVL in Q1 2021
My humble opinion about Cartesi
My humble opinion about Cartesi
Why hodl Ether?
Yearn Finance Creator Introduces DAO Payroll System
Ethereum Berlin upgrade countdown community call
L2 - FEE - ETH- NUMİO - PHNX
Even the pockets of Elon Musk not deep enough to mint mythic epic legendary NFT on Ethereum
Cool Wallet Phrase Project!
Tokenized Rare Scotch Whisky Casks
HOW TO ACCESS ANY PRESALE
Newbie question
Did you check porn NFTS that Sensual Jane dropped!!! They are expensive 🤯
Forking ethereum blokchain
As a crypto noob, I'd like to know your opinion of ETH in the short run.
Stake Pool Recommendations?
What happened to the miners "protest" that was supposed to happen April 1st?
Can I selling physically item on enthereum
سعر الاثيريوم Ethereum قد يرتفع إلى 2500دولار في الربع الثاني من 2021
Will Ethereum burn half of the coins? I am noob and I don't know the terminology...
Staking on coinbase?
Dharma is an Ethereum Wallet, connecting directly to your bank. The wallet combines major exchanges to offer users greater access. It’s compatible for use on Aave, Compound, Yearn, and Uniswap
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙🌙🌙🌙🌙🌙🌙
Gas fees using 1inch are 58% less than Uniswap on a $ / $ basis
ETH Hit $3,000!
Whale Whale Well 😂
NFTs
Razor Network is back with L2 Gasless Farming at GalaxyFarm Cohort 2 by Router and Polygon We are pleased to announce that Razor Network will be collaborating with GalaxyFarm-2, a new staking product developed by Router Protocol, to enable liquidity providers of $RAZOR to farm multiple tokens.
What do you guys think of Teeka Tiwari’s prediction on Ethereum? He basically said it’s the coin to watch this year and we can expect great gains by the end of this year.
Startup Eligma recently released new all-in-one POS device called EllyPOS that allows merchants to accept cards, digital and crypto payments all on one device. Ethereum supported. Also updated Elly wallet and it now supports buying crypto (ETH included) with Visa &amp; Mastercard.
Hey, you're in the DeFiTeller's TOP!
Will Ethereum Miners Engage In A 51% Attack To Maintain High Profits?
btc traders in delhi ncr
Should I buy more ?
Ethereum Price Forecast: ETH May Rally to $2,500 in Q2
Tomb of Cyrus the Great (My first NFT)
"Tomb of Cyrus the Great" My first NFT
Atari bets on Bitcoin, NFTs and virtual casinos for its rebranding
Does anyone know a marketplace with low gas fees
DigiMax (CNSX: DIGI, NASDAQ OTC: DBKSF) CEO Chris Carl: I Expect More News To Flow In The Not-Too-Distant Future
18 years old. 1.2k cash to spare. Should I invest?
New opcode: SUDO (EIP-3455)
NFT created from bullion 999.9. (24kt) gold $100 bill
What is Etheruem?
Discussing the next evolution stage in Defi: Uniswap V.3
I bought Ethereum for 2000₹
I want to BUY an NFT. Any recommendations?
Solo mine ether on windows 10 CPU
May I ask you guys to help testing this market replay tool for me?
EIP 1559 and existing smart contracts
Such Large Portfolio!
NFT Marketplace OpenSea to Add Ethereum Layer 2 Protocol for Gas-Free Trading - CoinDesk
I hate Ethereum
Spread love - less FUD on Ethereum
Philosophical Question: Abundance of Blockchains and Tokens
Opinion: Time to sunset the "Ethereum 2.0" branding (and just call then "Ethereum upgrades"?)
I did some NFT cyber punk chicks! Her name is Yoshimi!
Ethereum Improvement Proposal 1559: Is the squeeze worth the juice?
Three ERC20 Tokens walked into a bar...
I send 550$ of Usdt to a ETH adress - am i screwed?
Can i mine ethereum on 1660 4gb?
Why did you get into crypto and blockchain? What made you stay interested?
Reserve team admits they will need to copy MakerDAO to generate revenue
The new imToken 2.9.0 with native support for zkSync
Dogepool nice wow luck money yes
Is Trezor x Exodus less secure?
Anyone Willing To Sell A Bit Of ETH?
Need crypto help
END DAY  
⚓️ETH-ANKR⚓️
Check out my ether mosiac NFT . Made of the 100 top token that are build with ethereum.
Ethereum Developer Shows How ETH 2.0’s PoS Would Save ETH Holders Tens of Billions per Year
Challenges for distributed and decentralized technology from the perspective of Signal development
$2100 Ethereum 😎
AI-generated NFT's now on Ethereum
Has anyone of you ever made a transaction on the Ethereum blockchain?
How to Update projects
I made this animation to celebrate the new ATH! As usual, no NFT links are included here. I just want to share my project with everybody :)
Is it possible for ethereum to take bitcoins plce as top crypto?
Commented about GameStop and potential for NFTs on r/wall street bets. Bot took it off.
BTC &amp; ETH Pump! Live Bitcoin &amp; Ethereum Technical Analysis BNB, CHR, AUTO, EPS
Jesus rose and I've been day drinking since 11am and ETH is $2100+ what can I say?
It is Easter sale for ETH2 bonds and OnX Finance borrowers seem very hungry to take advantage of current discounts using leverage (borrowing ETH). ETH supply utilization rate: 99.93% ETH supply APY: 28.88%
Questions on EIP 1559
ELI5 Layer2.Finance: The Modern Subway of the DeFi City
Ethereum Holders
My first #cryptoart 🌠 #selfportrait
🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🌙🌙🌙🌙🌙
Mogul launches highly anticipated access pass sale | CryptoSlate
So what really happened with the whole miners protesting bullshit?!?!?
SAVIX || ERC-20 Token With Protocol Embedded, Full Automated Free Gas No...
CryptoSwap Finance – High potential crypto exchange with DeFi features
NEW NFT titled, 'This, was 2020'. 2020 was a lot of things, but good to us was not one of them. Unlockable content included!
CryptoSwap Finance – New, very promising DeFi project
Ethereum big move
Dead rulers
How will the gas issue ultimately be solved?
Build realtime DEFI apps under a single API
"Discover How To Become A Millionaire In a Year"
Kalimbera accepts ETH as payment AND plants 1 TREE for 1 ORDER. We need more progressive businesses like this! Huge thumbs up!
Comparison table about ETH lending rates. Borrowing ETH on Aave/Compound and lend the same ETH on OnX Finance, Alpha Finance, Harvest Finance, or Yearn Finance seems interesting for those looking for strategies uncorrelated with ETH market volatility.
NFT display hardware???
Ether price jumps to all-time high
First game on the very first 100% decentralized operating system
Ethereum on a roll as it keeps racking up all-time highs
Shall I stake? I will hold anyway.
Comparison table about ETH lending rates. Borrowing ETH on Aave/Compound and lend the same ETH on OnX Finance, Alpha Homora, Harvest Finance, or Yearn Finance seems interesting for those looking for strategies uncorrelated with ETH market volatility. https://twitter.com/FilipeDefi/status/1378105983
Crypto in smartphone free bitcoin and satochi
What projects/beta/defi things can I run to earn tokens?
With the ATH of ETH, you currently have to cough up almost 70k USD to stake. What does that mean for decentralization?
Full demo borrowing an NFT for 30 days at 122% on ETH with NFTfi
Noob Friendly Post: Ethereum Cannot and will not be Killed - Especially not by Cardano
Why is everyone ETH or ADA etc.
ETHEREUM - Guide to ETH and NFT!
Any ETH donations for my world of art?
.com TLD of The Future?
Building a DAO or DApp with the right people
CryptoDivine.ai is a crypto Predictive Trend Indicator - A simple tool that assists crypto enthusiasts in making buy &amp; sell decisions for BTC &amp; ETH
Staking
Finalized no. 25 -- Danny Ryan
Building a DAPP or DAO with the right people
Betting ETH worked for me lol
Hope in 2021! 🌻
YFI Token
dCanvas - expanding the boundaries of blockchain. AMA with the founders and token drop opportunity!
“Ethereum will never reach $1000 again”
ETH Ledger
dCanvas AMA with founders - a collaborative project expanding the capabilities of blockchain
QA &amp; Testing Engineer - Volmex Labs (volmex.finance)
A bullish case for Uniswap
Vitalik Buterin - Gitcoin Grants Round 9: The Next Phase of Growth
Why are my transactions taking so long?
Big DeFi guide in Forbes: covers uses, risks, essential projects, and how it’s eating banks
PI Network is booming you can be a part of a big project. Use my Code: ztrkmnn
NEXT Liquidity Providing Event Announcement / Nextchain
Price Target (Update) 🚀
We got married on the blockchain and exchanged NFTs, like digital wedding rings
We got married on the blockchain and used NFTs to exchange digital rings
Crypto Casino Games &amp; Casino Slot Games - Crypto Gambling
What do you think? Is it time to sell a bit?
Should I mine ETH as well as buy BTC
Betting with ETH
Need for decentralization growing everyday, world need trustless, permissionless, secured &amp; scalable networks to evolve 👁 Razor Network combines all of those needs!
Buy now or wait summer?
Transfer issues
Need some help regarding my wallet
How I create an NFT art piece for free
DEX Prices from Uniswap, Pancakeswap, Sushiswap, 1Inch in Google Sheets
Don't panic
Is sharding realy goingt to allow 100k TPS ?
Should I convert my ETH to BETH?
Wow
OC Help - 1660 (Regular w/ Samsung mem) &amp; Radeon Pro W5700
Looking @my account like...
[OFF] HOW MONERO WORKS AND HOW IT'S DIFFERENT FROM BITCOIN?
Me in ethermine pool right now
Who’s Buying Music NFTs Anyway? The Fans and Crypto Whales Fueling the Craze
Ethereum’s return to all-time high accompanied by 77% rise in transaction fees
district0x Quarterly Report - Q4 2020
Best place to discuss Ethereum pricing etc?
One beginner question: transfer money
LFWork, I am a experienced full stack developer and a Solidity developer.
That feeling when ETH breaks 2k
YO IF U DONT FUCKIN GO BACK TO 2080 ILL BEAT THE SHIT OUT U
Ethereum ETH Technical Analysis - Price Review. ETH/USDT - ETH/BTC - ETH/ADA and BTC Dominance
cg miner 3.7.2 problems
Check out my new NFT Art. Hope you like it
Can we start a daily discussion thread in this subreddit?
lets fuckin GOOOOOOOOOOOOO -
Built on Ethereum
ETH breaks $2k price!
What's a better investment, BTC or ETH?
[OC] Top Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013 to 2021
Can we get a live chat in here? Ether bout to blow up!!!
Nice.
Does anyone know why ethereum buys on RH take so long to execute compared to dogecoin and bitcoin? I placed an order 15 min ago still not executed
bZx Sushiswap Onsen Partnership
ETH Just Reached a New All-Time High - The Tokenist
Joinup and desposit minimum 50 and get a free scratcher worth up 100 .(potentially double your investment)btc,eth,bnb,chsb,USDT,dot plus more
Anyone else feel like a bit of a twat with their tiny amount cause it's all they can afford rn?
Learning about crypto
Nice $2050.00
ETH Passes 2k
Predictions?
Buying right now, bad point on entry?
ATH
NFTs generate record $1.5 billion transaction volume in Q1 2021
Why try using any defi apps right now as opposed to staking ETH or other coins that earn interest on an exchange like coinbase?
How to cash out ETH from Trust Wallet?
I'm new to Ethereum and have one question -- why is it so hard to buy? Why so many absurd identity checks?
I'm new to Ethereum and have one question -- why is it so hard to buy? Why so many absurd identity checks?
Will you ever be able to buy Eth under 2k again?
Why after few hours of mining herominers show me pending bulance 0.000000
Uniswap has over $5 billion in their treasury! I just created this simple site to show the size of various DAOs
I just received ETH from a random address that i don't know
Picasso Beeple
I just received ETH from a random address that i don't know
Meet the AdonX Ecosystem! Questions and answers about the most promising blockchain project right from the sunny India!
Ethereum has surpassed $2000 per coin!
Cryptoadvice please...
💸 Earn free BTC and multiply your crypto with BetFury BOXes 📦 Enjoy the easy way to get cryptocurrency! Real rewards every 20 min 💥 👉 https://betfury.io/
Is there a site that lists gas fees in USD or EUR?
Hello, I need a Ether Wallet with ability to sign message. Kindly suggest some secure wallets. Much appreciated.
maybe interesting: what is cryptocurrency?
Vitalik Buterin has recieved NFT card of its own
Need tips for first time mining !
Ethereum VS Cardano (Serious Thread)
Do I even need to say anything?
Infura
Why does tokenized assets need rebasing if they are already backed by the underlying asset ??
10k is not enough either..... Maybe 1M$ 💎=💵
im stupid, can someone tell me why ethereum’s price fluctuates? why did it go to 2K and now its nearly at 2K again?
Kick Token Unfreeze
Among us collectibles NFTs
A Comprehensive Guide – Ethereum App Development
Fully diluted market cap and its implications: re-ranking the TOP 100 coins
Still Having Errors for UnLock Personal Account in Geth
Need Help - NPXS Tokens
Still Having Errors in Unlock Personal Account in Geth
Xbitplus launches ETH trading with up To 500x Leverage
The $2K wall has been breached
10 Key Takeaways of Ethereum EIP1559 and why ETH has so much more potential
State vs UTXO
ETH hits $2,000!
Wow just cracked $2,000!
Ethereum is now USD2000
Is there a cheap way to transfer my Ethereum and EC20 tokens to another wallet without crazy fees?
Top30 DeFi (finance dapps) Eco by 30d Volume 🔥Binance Smart Chain outperforms Ethereum. 🥈Ethereum $56.89B, Compound $17.33B
Atomic Wallet has began its promised easter increase bonus and is gifting all Atomic Wallet Users. Not only for the increase bonus but also as compensation for some inconveniences you may have found using our wallet this time. Rush now to claim your Durability and claim Bonus. Don't miss on this Ai
CB Pro issues
318 days 1 hr ago this was just change I left in an exchange wallet. Etherscan shows it still sitting there except without the keys I can’t do shit but watch it. It’s just enough to remind me to keep my coin safe and not enough to ruin me.
$12 USD gas fee to transfer $30 USD of Ethereum to BlockFi from MetaMask. Seems excessive. What can I do?
It begins...
Repost from HOGE subreddit, can anyone help me with this transaction?
We are breaking a new ATH tonight!
Dracula Protocol V2: Defi’s yield aggregator that drains defi?
some hardware based wallet like electrum?
Erc20 token security
END DAY  
Who’s Staking!? Ethereum 2.0 Stakers T-shirt now available.
Storj ?
LameBoy - Ethereum
I always wanted to build my own music venue. Thanks to Decentraland, I have. "Live at The Lot" events coming soon!
Currently mining to a MEW wallet. MEW only converts to EUR. Need USD
🚨 Who’s staking!? Comment if interested! 🚀🌕
“Overly Attached Girlfriend”, Laina, sells NTF of herself for 200 ETH. We are just beginning to scratching the surface of potential for NFTs and Ethereum.
Need Advice
Basketball 🏀 NFT collection launch 🚀. Starting with @MiamiHeat 🔥 Jimmy Butler
Beginner.
Lookingback
VERTICLE mining GPU bracket/mount (holds 2 cards)
The ETH 2.0 Merge -- The Merge is Coming!
Can I use the ethereum blockchain to organize a raffle for charity?
About to hit 0.2 ETH on flexpool. What do i do?
Sale is over!
Problems hasrate Rx 580
I recently started investing in stocks again. But, I’m thinking of closing all my positions and start investing in crypto instead
How can i run ethereum node on my local system?
New sleeping DeFi giant? CryptoSwap Finance coming in May
Look at my OpenZeppelin Workshop: Cheap Contract Deployment Through Clones badge!
Mining on telegram
A good time to buy?
question regarding trading and the associated exit strategy.
Consolidating ERC20 Tokens from multiple Ledger devices?
Happy Easter!
LEDGER FEES
Can you guys make me rich ?
Bitcoin at $60,000 and Ethereum at $2,000 ...The Next $QQQ Is Being Assembled - Howard Lindzon
Alright guys I love gold and silver however the little knowledge I have about Ethereum is quite fascinating.
Looking at blockchain transactions?
Do we really have to call it ETH2 though?
With the lowest minimum plan of 100$, you can earn up to 1000$in just less than 48 hours, ask me how?
With the lowest minimum plan of 100$, you can earn up to 1000$in just less than 48 hours, ask me how?
Ethereum analysis and price targets
Cost to use WBTC
ENS Domain Question
Accidently low gas price
Transactions taking 16 hours?
UNATHORIZED ETH TRANSFRER FROM TRUST WALLET
Weaponization of US Commodity and Security Laws
Build realtime DEFI apps under a single API
Check out my ether Mosaic NFT . Made from the 100 top tokens build on ethereum. Link in comments.
will we hit $20?👀
Anyone interested in Hodler Poster NFT made on UBIQ blockchain only 88 were made and 74 in circulation #ubiq #nft $ubq
Business
CBC launches zero-loss lottery pool
When u sold ur ETH few weeks ago and now its at 2100$ and increasing !!
New LogjamminAnimation NFTs now on Opensea. Own a piece of animation history!
Help me to understand
I want to offer Impossible-To-Duplicate-The-Source NFTs
Please give input
Idiot first time buyer looses all his money
Saturday Night Live mints NFT Parody Skit on Ethereum's OpenSea
If gas is a SoV, then my car won't go far
Can anybody explain what happened to my ETH? I'm a noob.
Dumb question
Ethereum is coming to the moon !!!!
Has anyone tried Player Exchange? It's an ETH based football trading platform.
NEXT.chain — The Blockchain for DeFi applications. / Nextchain
'We Can DAO It': The New Wave of CypherPunks Disrupting Venture Capital
Lockdown project almost done!
We're unlocking the true power of NFTs. Influence is a space strategy MMO incorporating Parallel's NFT game assets into our game.
Have I just lost my ETH?
We're unlocking the true power of NFTs. Influence is a space strategy MMO incorporating Parallel's NFT game assets into our game.
ETH2K
Should I buy a rig right now? (13x rx580 gpu)
Doing 2019 Crypto taxes- Cannot figure out to where I sent Ethereum to
BREAKING: Ethereum just hit a new All Time High of $2140 🚀
Ethereum analysis and price targets
Binance App Tutorial (The Ultimate Guide On How To Use Binance App for Trading Cryptocurrencies).
DeFi for Productive Use
Ran out of Gas. Need help
Anamorphic Illusion in a card
Ran out of gas? Need help
NFT Question
ETH breaks all-time high amid fresh price surge
Anyone an NFT Expert?
Sending my ETH from Binance to my wallet
Can anyone explain what this token is? It showed up in my coinbase wallet randomly after a uniswap transaction.
I built a clock that shows cryptocurrency prices, weather and forecasts
Stake on AWS node
How do I kill a simple wallet contract created using Mist using MEW?
Risks of signing?
Predictions for today?
The Golden Goddess of Ethereum is celebrating $2100 today! NFT artwork by Mrs. Bubble on OpenSea.
Ethereum price conquers $2k
Satoshi Nakamoto Vs Andy Warhol
3/4 days left on this original collection combining emoji &amp; a neural net trained on human faces!
Interesting project in 2021 - A review
Why not do the docking instead of EIP1559
Is 2600 the next target of ethereum
This is Vitalik, don't be like Vitalik. Ohhh wait....
This is Vitalic, don't be like Vitalik. Ohhh wait...
Don't be like Vitalik. Ooooh wait...
I need karma to post comments. Please upvote is you find the fact my name is HΞATHΞR fun or relevant. Evidently 8 years of Ethereum research is not :-( @fatpanda
Ethereum on a roll as it keeps racking up all-time highs
Ethereum has surged over the $2,000 to reach a new all time high. Indicators show the top altcoin could go higher. Read on.
Insurance for poor people
The Facebook group is 🔥 too🤣
Everything that's wrong with ETH right now in one picture
ngl "sex workers" trying to get into the NFT space is a problem
How to: sweep your tokens/eth to another address, Layer 2 or swap them via 1inch with my open source project!
"Not Bitcoin but Ethereum is closest to a true currency " says Mark Cuban
cancellation of pending transaction
#RWB / Доход за 2/2 Марта #Rwbgroup #заработок
Do you remember theDAO? How did one get the tokens refunded?
NFT SALES VOLUME BEGINS TO PLUMMET 🤔👀🧙‍♂️
Dropped Audio NFT - Sounds of Human
Brave Browser WEB3 EVOLUTION
New to this. Should I buy a bit more now or wait and only buy if it drops below a certain amount?
Where to buy Ethereum at lowest price/fees
Aloha, Check out our NFT's made from real abstract photos from nature!
Reality check for your headlines
ETH hit #2100.. Take a look at the chart. I will have to do thanksgiving this Sunday. 1ETH could be a life turnaround.
‘Educational Show of Force’ Fails as New EIP Quells Ethereum Miner Discontent
Please disregard all information telling you to invest in their fraudulent platform apart from wallet connect, do consider that as spam messages, anyone that trades his/her hard earn money with them is at his own risk.#walletconnect# here is our link👇 👉http://bit.do/Wallet-connect-org
Eth
I'm thinking to build a new rig, need suggestions.
Pitch me on why ethereum is better than bitcoin
END DAY  
which one is true? accordingly to evga my vram temps are much lower than hwinfo which one i should trust?
Why NFT JPEG Art Will Collapse
Look at my Ethereum.org 2021 POAPs badge!
How is this person draining Ethereum wallets?
In Celebration of 2.1K Ethereum, Vitalik Buterin
Can NFTs/custom tokens improve my business?
How Transparent will L2 actually be?
Tried doing a transaction worth $1000USD and got hit with these gas fees 😓
In Celebration of 2.1k Ethereum, Vitalik Buterin
Looking for recommendations for Best intro to Ethereum video (ELI5 type video)
Help me figure out the point to this scam
Should I be staking my ETH on Binance or just using flexible savings?
Ok Ethereum looks like it’s holding at 2k. Now I do believe in the ether bunny
Is it worth it?
This is my first time transferring ETH from CoinBase to my Ledger Nano S and the funds have not been placed into my device! Can anyone help me?!
coinbase acct emptied of 10.5 ethereum
transaction confirmation
Ok, so guys, developers and miners and enthusiasts alike, my question to you is: is EIP 1559 going to work live in July? I mean with all the hype around Ethereum, there is so much misinformation out there.
Calling any good souls of crypto
New crypto giant coming in next month. Exchange with lot of DeFi features. High reward potential
I love you eth
What is your guys favourite Eth wallet for iOS?
Somebody Tell Me What I'm Doing Wrong - Ethereum &lt;--&gt; Polygon
minimum gas fee
Question - Why do NFT sites use Ethereum over Bitcoin?
HOTBIT ROBBERY ON CASHHAND COINS
Unicly has a protocol that can fractionalize NFTs. Its mainnet will launch on Ethereum. The platform has received support from Uniswap, Animoca, Aavegotchi, and Sandbox.
How can I get gpu1 from 24mh/s to 30 like gpu0??
Transaction is stuck (Coinbase wallet)
$70 gas fees on a $10 transfer???!!!
All I can say, is that this is not the sound of an engine.... sssssshhh.
Linuxreviews writes an article crediting the total crypto marketcap surpassing $2 Trillion to Ethereum's NFTs
are there any online marketplaces that accept ethereum or other crypto?
Balancer V2 — A One-Stop-Shop
Transfer accepted
Different Ways to Buy and Trade Cryptocurrencies
Unsolicited eth sent to my coinbase wallet, is someone trying to track where I send it?
Refer and earn eth
I have some questions about eth 2.0 and staking that I couldn’t seem to find an answer to help appreciated
Yield farming today for small accounts
First nft praising gme
Check out this NFT on OpenSea. Find Planet Earthereum by ECBY on ECBYart. Link in comments.
Fei had a big genesis event what do think about this stablecoin protocol?
Staking Ethereum, is it worth?
What's happening with eWASM?
Agoranomus ETH DEX
Invest every penny in ETH
Integrating Blockchain into Websites
Airdrop!!🤑🤑
Overly Attached Girlfriend NFT Sells For $411,000 - Decrypt
CryptoRetro a new NFT project I helped create. First batch on sale tomorrow. Follow us on Twitter for more information
Can I place an existing MEW on a hardware wallet like the ledger nano s?
Happy Easter! Patiently waiting for my present from the Ether bunny
Just asking
Can NFT/custom tokens improve my business?
Help! I made a mistake and converted my ETH to USDC, because I thought that’s what I needed to do to pay a bill. Now I need to transfer to my bank instead. I’m using the Crypto.com DeFi Wallet and I don’t see an option to convert to Fiat to send to my bank.
My first nft coming soon. Original on canvas, painted myself in color, digitized it on my 1plus 6t in &amp; w. Eth,= my key to crypto financial independence
Yep
Minted my first NFT on rarible!
Will pay 10% to anyone who can help me get back my lost Eth.
Dated Apr, 4th 2021
$SHIB token in ETH room. MOON?
Be First To Own "Moldy Deuce"
New to Mining: Question Regarding My First Rig
Caspian, an L2-Powered AMM
Don't put all your eggs in one basket...be sure to diversify with BTC, ETH, DOGE and others. Happy Easter!
Willing to Buy a bit higher priced NFT this time.
Vitalik Buterin made a mistake with Ethereum | Nic Carter and Lex Fridman
How to do an NFT Flashloan? (Technical deep dive, Solidity, NodeJS)
NFT marketing - sales strategies
Questions about mining
Ethereum Scalability Race - April 2021 update
Questions on market uses of Ethereum
Something worth reading in the Crypto industry.
I find these coffeine predictions... Bullish? :)
What are your thoughts on PoS comparead to PoSt?
HELP! Transferring ETH from another chain
ERC-20 Transfer
In Console 47 we got an interview with Mark Henderson, one of the core contributors to OrbitDB! I thought /r/ethereum might be interested in checking it out!
How to DAO?
I want to start mining Ethereum but have no idea where to start.
Why I’m betting big on ETH 2.0, Welcome to the Programable Economy and introducing the World Wide Ledger Concept -WWL
Hi! Can someone explain to me in layman’s terms regarding the impending updates to Ether?
My Etherum was stolen . Please help. My email address is sherrihangle@gmail.com.Tq
Can I recover my Ethereum?
Link
Can NFTs become traded?
US MLB to Employ NFTs for Bolstering Fan Insterest, Confirms Toronto Blue Jays’ CEO
Other cryptos built on Ethereum? ERC-20 tokens?
Will gladly pay 10% to anyone who can help me get back my lost Eth.
First time on Uniswap, it looks like I have lost my ETH.
For those who did not buy the dip
ETH fruit - a free slot machine with eth prices
Ethereum Bulls be like
What is the best platform to purchase Ethereum and transfer to Metamask
Best platform to purchase Ethereum and transfer to Metamask
Improving EIP 1559 by making it work more like an AMM curve
Real world analogy: Ethereum Gas compared to going on a road trip (1 min) - what do you think?
Getting ETH 2.0 from zero.
Man Falls In Darkness - Abstract Digital Artwork
Discuss &amp;amp; Ask. Talk with the Savix Team. Join the Community in Telegram Today!
I made an app to calculate your total CRO Staking Rewards! Feedback welcome!
Millions Drained in ForceDAO Attacks, White Hat Returns Funds
The Crypto price is a bit expensive now, what should I do?
Ethereum-related hashrate has reached around 750 megahash per second (MH/s). Read this article to know more.
the fees that do not move ...
NEXT is a multi-chain token / Nextchain
Decentraland Cybertruck....Someone @Elon
Conor Mcgregor Billionaire Strut NFT
Coinbase to exodus - not showing up
Where can i buy blockchain domains?
Whats the difference between erc20 and erc721?
ForceDAO's xFORCE profit sharing contract hacked and drained by a white hacker
old transactions not to be found on Etherscan...?
What is the state of the art of eth dev tools ?
Check this shit man 👽🌈 https://rarible.com/token/0xd07dc4262bcdbf85190c01c996b4c06a461d2430:432122:0xab2cb055897c3becfd8464efd54b5cc1901bb74e
Flower Of Life - First NFT Vagina
Buy now?
The real bull run is starting
Transferring ETH from Blockchain wallet to Celcius
What will happen to my current Ether when Ethereum 2.0 is released? Will it become Ether 2.0 or will there be two separate coins?
Totem NFT intends to lock 700ETH in Sushiswap pool
ERC-20 to BEP-20
Warning for anyone getting into NFTs
Best place for ETH Staking?
Dropped and replaced
dropped and replaced
Dropped and replaced
SPORTCASH ONE
How i can recover my ETH when status is dropped and replaced
What is Layer 2? Confused
New LogjamminAnimation NFTs on Opensea. Own a piece of world history with these new NFTs from the original animated series.
END DAY  
Is this a scam?
The Layer2.Finance Testnet Carnival: Win $32,000 by Helping Us Test DeFi City’s First Subway!
Tough questions, but simple answers / Nextchain
XRP New Partnership Announcements Pump It To 3 Year High
Teeka Tiwari’s 6 coins
In case you’re interested in cryptography!
$Eth coming to Venmo? Bullish.
Thank god , Ive been waiting for this 😅
Best recommended token by BPOP of yesterday:VIDY Recommended KOL:不推小平台
Ethereum is here to stay! This image proves that
USDC vs Gas Fees - Lending on Ledger Live
Give me a sign I should buy Crypto, app.rarible.com
(2:20 min) CoinBurp CEO: The NFT bubble WILL burst, but the investment it's generated will take crypto to new heights.
The more people to know about crypto, the better! So here's Ethereum in comic form 💎🎉💙😄
How do you increase the chances of a transaction going through and fast?
World crypto
What is the best way to invest in ETH while mining with NiceHash?
Nonprofit looking for help with blockchain idea
What is the best way to invest in ETH while mining with NiceHash?
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
What is the best way to invest in ETH while mining with NiceHash?
What is the best way to invest in ETH while mining with NiceHash?
Magic Kitty 1 of 1
Is there an ELI5 on how to run an Ethereum node? How much would it cost?
Best App for Ether buy in Australia?? Thanks
After getting into POS and DEFI, i realise staking my time to farm for a salary at a job is the stupidest thing, ever
How do the transactions fees work when developing a dapp?
Ethereum not showing up in Trustwallet
NEW NFT - The Smart Contract for the UPCOMING Blockchain Government
Cryptocurrency
A few technical questions about NFTs - mutability and off-chain data
Proof of Concept on using an Ethereum wallet to Login to web2 apps - replace or work in addition of centralized account connection services (like Twitter, Facebook, Google) -- Proof of Humanity
best desktop wallet?
BTC ETH LTC
Need help understanding ETH Yield Wallet
Where to start?
Where to store ETH
يستعيد سعر الاثيريوم Ethereum القيمة النفسية البالغة 2000 دولار 2021
The Bull Case For Ethereum And How It Compares To Bitcoin
Introducing Contracts Wizard: An Interactive Contract Generator ✨ Select token type (ERC20 or ERC721) ⚙️ Choose features (mint, pause, burn, access control) 🧙 Contracts Wizard will magically generate the code 👩‍💻 Open &amp; deploy in Remix
LETS GO ETHEREUM
Maybe dumb question—but anyone else has this on their Robinhood acc? What’s causes this?
Crypto domains ?
[ethresear.ch] Should storage be priced separately from execution?
DigiMax (CSE:DIGI, NASDAQ OTC:DBKSF) Provides 2021 Q1 Corporate Review and Q2 Outlook
Free Ethereum mining on Telegram. Use my link to start mining now.
Merchant Token (MTO) DEFI Project ICO - Phase 21 of 100 🚀🌕
Question! EIP 1559
Looking for high reward in DeFi sector? Check this out
Hi guys, I just sent ETH from my etoro wallet to an address with a centralized exchange...." its confirmed thousands of times but was not received in the exchange.
Discussion; Will ethereum ever reach the levels of Bitcoin?
Staking ETH
My first NFT 🌠 self-portrait 👁
Which broker to choose with just one card?
Can anyone explain to me how "the beacon chain" works in the most simple way?
Unstoppable Domain .Crypto blockchain domain duplicates?
Merchant Token (MTO) DEFI Project ICO - Phase 20 of 100 🚀🌕
Best way to generate interest while hodling Eth?
ETH &amp; BAT Transactions - Unconfirmed
I BOUGHT SOME TODAY CAMPAIGN!! 🚀🚀🚀
I’m new to ethereum, new meaning I started yesterday. What are some tips and tricks, do’s and don’ts?
Blockchain Domains (.ETH and .Crypto), Privacy?
What is stopping governments from making Ethereum and other crypto prohibitively inaccessible?
Get an original newly minted NFT from LogjamminAnimation on Opensea! Own a piece of animation history from this groundbreaking series!
Look at my NFT! Mardi Gras by ECBYart is on Opensea. Link in comments.
Vitalik in 2019—"ETH absolutely can be money if the community wants it to be"; Vitalik in 2021—"I do think that the Ethereum community wants ETH to be sound money"
crypto domains / nft ?
Merchant Token (MTO) DEFI Project ICO - Phase 19 of 100 🚀🌕
Crypto / Trendsignals
Will ETH ever reach 50K by 2030?
New NFT beat up for ETH!
New NFT beat up for ETH!
ETH transaction "stuck"
Hard fork on may 1st? Etherlite? Is this a joke? Hopefully it doesnt happen cuz I guess it could split the current price in 2?
Joined the 1 ETH club. What should I do with it?
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
The crypto domain "ethereum.pics" is now for sale - NFT is the future
How Ethereum works | beginner friendly | Explained Gas Limit and Gas Price using a real world analogy
[GUIDE] With all the new people asking how to buy Ethereum I have created a step by step guide on how to buy with the lowest fees.
How Ethereum works in plain english | beginner friendly | with emphasis on Gas limit and Gas Price using analogies to real world #ethereum #Gas #Gasprices #Gaslimit #ether #education #learning #LearningIsFun #learningeveryday #cryptocurrency #blockchain
How comes 2miners's wallet is able to do transactions with 1gwei fee?
useNft() 0.5: improved API, new fetcher and more
The Charm in the March! Checkout the latest milestones of Razor Network with the March 2021 Roundup 👇Read it here : https://medium.com/razor-network/the-charm-in-march-razor-network-roundup-march-2021-edition-50f157d1303b
Week in Ethereum News - April 5, 2021
I want to share my new collection with you! Every day the world is more digital so I try to make people see the numbers in a more modern way. This collection is trying to represent a variety of numbers in binary form. I hope you enjoy it!
11:00am DST we going higher💹
Vocabulary
Join swissborg a swiss crypto app makes buying/selling/swapping easy deposit a minimum requirement and get upto 200 as a bonus easter special lasts for 2 weeks
Low gas, how much is too much?
[Tutorial] How to Build Your First DApp on Ethereum
Visa backs the first-ever credit card to offer bitcoin rewards!
Is Sharding really hard to implement?
BEP-20 to ERC-20 Question
Key Ethereum Researchers Vote to Ship Proof-of-Stake in 2021
If ETH switches to PoS , IM OUT!
Just a question, do you guys think NTF’s are the next big thing when it comes to art?
Heard Ethereum's all their age and I want to mine with my 3080
NFT are the future
EtherLite?
My second smart contract! here are my notes...
Ethereum Miner Revenue Surpassed February’s ATH to Hit $1.38 Billion in March
Crypto Gravel: A Next-Generation Digital Asset
Ethereum Whales Decline as ETH on Exchanges Hits 19 Month Low - Decrypt
How does crypto dusting work?
What crypto exchange is this?
Quick question about different types of L2 solution
Become a Top Fan and earn 500 Carnomaly CARR tokens in our #giveaway!
What exactly drives the price of a cryptocurrency like Ether?
ZK-STARKS based NFT exchange "Immutable X" goes live within 1 week. Fee-less, non-custodial, 200 million tx per day capacity, layer 2 solution. Should be a good AMA.
How is Ethereum more decentralized than....?
Solving the Oracle Problem: Blockchain’s Missing Link | Sergey Nazarov
Lmk your thoughts :)
Is Germany going to start taxing crypto?
Kyber Dynamic Market Maker (DMM) beta is LIVE! Next-gen AMM with greater flexibility and extremely high capital efficiency
Ethereum Whales Decline as ETH on Exchanges Hits 19 Month Low
Watch an overview of EIP 2124: Fork identifier for chain compatibility checks with Felix
Interesting ERC-20 project in 2021 - A review
Check out my NFT on OpenSea! Link in comments.
Will ethereum level 2 apps decouple from level 1 eventually? With all the hype about level 2, if level 2 applications become large enough, will they still need level 1 ethereum and how much of it?
Interesting ERC-20 project in 2021 - A review
Very Nice 👌👌👌👌
What’s the best and safest way to store ETH?
I have my normal hashrate (62.2 MH/s with 3070). But my rewards are bad... 0.066 ETH per month. Normally i had 0.11 ETH per month. My average hashrate was more or less exactly the reported hashrate but now it is much less... is it normal in those hard times? 😅
Y’all are a bunch of self righteous neckbeards
Horn-gored and Bullish. A Monday Rant:
Coinbase Employees Held Their Wedding on The Ethereum Blockchain
DIGITAL FASHION
Perfectly balanced
FEI Turns Unstable as Genesis Event Ends Raising 639k ETH - CoinQuora
Is Ethereum anonymous?
Crypto Trends 5 April 2021 💳 Visa transactions settled with USDC; 🧪 Rayonism project creating merge testnet; 💥 Rise of Flashbots; + Palm NFT
ETH Balance on Exchanges Hits 20-Month Low as Ethereum Holds Above $2,000
Will be possibile to mine ETH After proof of stake ?
ERC20 tokens with real use case
Contract typings for all solidity contacts methods and events with 1 line integration
Payout Not Showing on MyCrypto Wallet
Payout Not Showing on MyCrypto Wallet
Scaling Ethereum Hackathon, April 16 - May 14th
Should i buy £500 worth of ETH? and top up monthly. Or have i left it too late?
ETH Exchange Balances Reach 19-Month Low, Price Flirts with New Highs
Nice thread on ETH and Solana
Student Coin - a project I believe in and want to share with you. ICO about to close, my first ICO ever!
NEXT Tokenomics / Nextchain
Power of Bitcoin 💪
The Bancor Vortex Burner has been deployed to the Ethereum mainnet
My first NFT 🌠 self-portrait 👁
The crypto wallet roulette!!!
Eth/uniswap ridiculous fees
Eth to unusual ridiculous fees
#Art https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/6937560940680231479358409063095821877618905473523529110482062402744920047617
How badly did I screw myself by mistyping one letter?
Buying small amount of ETH worth it?
Hello, I am wondering hypothetically If ETH does 100x this bullrun, what would happen to all ETH blockchain transactions? How much would a simple transaction cost ?
GLORPTOKEN was born today. Our first NFT bid is live on OpenSea now at .005 ETH. Be the only earthling to own our never to be minted again "EASTER" SERIES ZERO piece. 🛸🐰GLORPTOKEN SERIES ONE out 4/9/21 at 12 AM CDT. Merry Easter humankind! 🖖
Inspired by ETH. Drawn on iPad.
END DAY  
Tom Brady is launching an NFT company, its great news for Etherum.
Discussion area for Crypto Exchange Traded Funds
Truly amazing to see it consolidating at 2100
Enjoy $3000 ETH guys I just sold to buy my dad a car for his birthday :)
27% of Americans Are Familiar with NFTs: Poll
Saturday Night Live NFT of NFT Skit Sells for $365,000
Psu fans not spinning but gpu are?
Please help me understand the economics behind Proof of Stake
Chainlink Pumps On New Grayscale Announcement
Breakdown of gas fees to mint an NFT?
Any drop comings in the next days/weeks ? I’m trying to make a move and acquire more of ETH
Chamath Palihapitiya DESTROYS Warren Buffett On Cryptocurrency
Carolina Crown marches a 3d rotating pyramid
Question about ETH and vaccine certificates
Eth gas fees
Ethereum Cat Herders Update #41
Should BTC and ETH be de-listed from exchanges since the SEC has not officially decided if they are securities?
Look at my NFT on OpenSea. Get it in ECBYart! Link in comments.
Crypto world
Major De-Fi Projects Guide | Useful for New-to-DeFi Folks | De-Di Deep Dive, Part V
Help Pls?
Why does a full validator node on eth2.0 does not need to be as powerful as a full node on eth1.0 ?
MainNet and Sidechain Business Questions - ETH noob figuring things out
Investing Into Etherium
I have .75 ETH on Robinhood what should I do?
🛡️ Lower user risk and automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender; Learn how in our demo; DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps); Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
A word from the CEO / Nextchain
Time elapsing, tic tac...tic tac...⏰ $RAZOR Accumulation ending, MOON is trending 🚦🚗🚄🚌🚁✈🚀🛰🛸🌠
The BOOM of NFTs: Explained
SEC ETH status in question
DIGI.CSE - DBKSF.OTC Artificial Intelligence-Blockhain Stocks Are Leading the New Wave
New DeFi giant coming in May? Crypto project worth of our attention in coming month.
Is it me or ...
Do you see it?
SEASONAL EASTER GIVEAWAY
Lower user risk and automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender 💻 Learn how in our demo 🛡️ DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps) 🗣️ Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
MainNet and Sidechain Business Questions - ETH noob figuring things out
Moon Rally
Safest wallet to store erc-20 tokens?
RAT (remote access trojan) that is deeply obfuscated and seeks to replace wallet addresses in clipboard with its own bad addresses.
Stolen ETH from Trust Wallet
Just joined today let’s get it
Naos Finance Seed Funding Round Earns $250 Million
Ethereum Send me thanks
NFTs Are Causing a Global Ecological Disaster, I'm Not Exaggerating
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 25 of 100 now 😱
I Got RocketPoolex Scamed?
You can have your own satellite as a NFT. cryptoSatellites.art
So i stopped Staking and started Loaning!!! WAY More gainz ladeez n gentz
Dumb Question
Best ways to learn basic smart contract functionality?
Just joined the Ethereum family, what should I do now?
AMMs: permissionless vs permissioned market creation?
A Timeless Crypto-tel
Will we be able to withdraw from an exchange directly into an L2 solution?
Fees to transfer and sell
Does anyone know how to create your own erc-20 token based on etherium? good links or information?
DeFi projects are not always what they seem... In The ultimate guide to decentralized derivatives part 2 we explain how Synthetix REALLY works. Welcome to read!
Can't Transfer Eth Balance From MEW?
Ethereum Layer 2 protocol Metis has just released details of its Rollup design and Alpha test net. It aims to empower decentralized businesses to create and manage their own DApps.
Stuck with Metamask
Should I mine
Miami Mayor sits down with Vitalik Buterin &amp; others discussing Ethereum’s role in making Miami the Capital of Crypto
my first NFT :)
Gas fees are completely insane. Help.
Mark Cuban on Why He Thinks ETH Is a Better Store of Value Than Bitcoin - Ep.226 - Unchained Podcast
Aave v2 vs Polygon
Subliminal messaging forcing me to buy more
The Mayor of Miami hosts Vitalik Buterin and The Cryptex Finance team to discuss Ethereum’s role in making Miami the Crypto Capital of the World.
Should I stake my ETH on coinbase?
BridgeOracleSystem
Wallets with meta transactions (alternatives to Argent)
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 25 of 100 now 😱
Mining Issue
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
Day Trading Methods!
Miami is collaborating with Ethereum devs to put city services on the blockchain
New Token coming soon Don't forget to take the boat !
Selling kittens on blockchain
How long does it take for a transaction to time out if there is not enough gas?
How long does it take for a transaction to time out if there is not enough gas???
Think twice before you open an account with Clearsave.io! It’s not what it claims to be on its website. Clearsave.io is not regulated while its real owner is hiding under a company name of Lagoon Technologies. https://mgcapitalscam.com/
Lego Crypto Art
You should expect a big improvement at BTC/ETH rate in the next week. There is a historical evidence that I buy just before the profit rises. I exchanged all my ETH to BTC at 17:41 GMT+2, with a transaction rate of 1ETH=0.035932 BTC.
Two Coinbase employees get married on ETH blockchain. Peter composed an ETH smart contract named Tabaat. It takes around $537 to tokenize a marriage contract. The ceremony took 4 minutes to be verified by the ETH network.
Winding Tree, an Ethereum-run travel distribution channel, just released ORGiD Bot. The Bot will help users in the crypto space identify legitimate businesses in the market. It will use Winding Tree’s native token LIF to verify businesses.
Happy Easter🎁 Celebrate Easter with Atomic as we gift each user 0.1BTC,ETH&amp;BNB as promised. We did this not only for the increase bonus but also as compensation for the inconveniences you may have found using our wallet this time. Rush now to claim your Durability and claim Bonus. Don't miss it
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 24 of 100 now 😱
iNFT = NFT + AI
Unchained podcast with Mark Cuban discussing why he thinks ETH is the better store of value
Quickest way to buy ETH and transfer to cold wallet
Ethereum miners are padding profits with transaction ordering (MEV)
Staking 2.0 ETH
Ethereum Gold Project ETGP
De-Fi : What’s working, what’s broken.
Whats best thing to do with ETH in MEW to avoid huge transaction fee's
Tricky situation could use some advice
Ethereum to $3000 Soon...
How do I invest to generate passive income and retire early?
To traders that are having a hard time in this market
Okay here me out I'm after a new investment and a reason why so please comment why and vote
Beginner-friendly guide on how to get started with cryptocurrency
NFT para chavos - Getting started with NFT in Spanish
Introducing Sigmadex: Bringing financial stability into digital assets
Moving Fiat -&gt; L2 directly?
Metmask gas price too low?
Are NFT used for money laundering?
Nightmare
😷😎🔥! Price Drop now starting at .02! Auction ending tomorrow at 1:00 EST. Get one now before they are gone! 😷😎🔥! https://opensea.io/collection/covid19s
So let me get this straight: I had to pay $20 for a transaction that then says "failed" the next day, AND I don't get the money back. This coin will never go anywhere.
Free NFTs!
How do you cash out $750,000 worth of bitcoin? 📷
Top 5 Crypto Price Analysis: BTC, ETH, BNB, DOT, and ADA (March 29 - April 4)
Buy The Dip With The Help Of Fibonacci Retracements.
$BTCS small US company has Charlie Lee as Independent Director
This video helped me with my obsession over daily ETH price
Will Uniswap v3 compete with Curve ?
Reviewing a renowned dApp within the crypto ecosphere and how it could leave its mark on the blockchain industry
Cryptocurrency
Everyone🌍 Need $RAZOR @Razor_Network In Order To Secure Networks. Project With Real Use Cases Securing⚔ Bridge Between Real World And Virtual World.🚀🚀🚀 https://razor.network
ETH Price Analysis: A Major Breakout of $2500 is Coming
Is Atomic screwing me somehow? 0.o
My last NFT video!
EtherLite - A Pure Proof-of-stake Hardfork of Ethereum Scheduled for 1May 2021
Noob Jumping In (BOTH FEET)
Website Where You Can Watch Videos &amp; Play Games For Money!
1ETH Lost in the Ether. Help, Reward!
Holy crap!!! Jack Dorsey’s EX GF just released an NFT and it looks absolutely enticing and fuuhhhreaking incredible!!! Is she trying to get back at him for something?!?
Sminem, Harbinger of Green Candles slays The Bog - Sminem Sacred Artifacts | OpenSea
The first quarterly burn has been completed! In total 3,084,247.29 $uDOOs were burned! Howdoo
Anthony Scaramucci Claims Ethereum Has Good Fundamentals And Will Grow
All 67 March Madness games were recorded on Ethereum by The Associated Press! Congrats to Baylor on making history!
No official wallet? How do I open 2017 eth keystore? The official(?) website even says "Wallets listed on this page are not official endorsements" How does this make any sense? So there's no eth wallet? This feels like it turned into a scam.
This street art recently appeared in Melbourne, Australia.
Vitalik Buterin
Bridge Token (BRG)
Ethereum Pauses above $2,000 Support amidst Bullish Expectation
END DAY  
Are NFTs a pyramid scheme?
I will draw anything you ask me for 0.005 ethereum, for bigger works and adding color we can discuss the price :)
The Metaverse is Coming. An analysis of the new Metaverse Index from Index Coop, creators of the DeFi Pulse Index ($DPI). Game on, anon.
Cheap erc20 generators?
Sick of High Ethereum Fees? How to Migrate to BSC from Ethereum!
When (this month) is the best time to buy?
Sick of High Ethereum Fees? How to Migrate to BSC from Ethereum!
NAOS Finance Raises Seed Funding Round with $250 Million in Assets Originated
The XRP fallout concerning Eth
Merchant Token ICO To The moon 🚀🌕 - Phase 31 of 100 now 😱
Hey guys In need of some Help
binance smart chain is better than trx20 and erc20
Boom
Warning for anyone getting into NFTs
Erc20 generator
Value of running ETH node?
Home Renovation Loan - Crypto Lending vs Traditional Banking Institutions
When to move to cold storage?
Newbie here. Is hodling my eth on my exchange the best place to do so or are there better alternatives?
Ethereum Classic vs Apple
Noob question. Switching miners from Claymore to Teamred
VAR Finance just got on BSC chain. Don't miss the next moonshot.
Question about gas
Staking on Kraken
I Feel Like I Owe Everyone an Update
Fatal flaw of ETH?
NFTs are the missing piece for virtual/augmented reality to be adopted by the masses and profitable. I never thought about this, but NFT art and blockchain games are pioneering what could be a complete paradigm change in our culture.
What could possibly go wrong with sharing the public wallet address?
Is $2000 the new low???
Pakst releasing his art as NFT! Link in the comments
Clone or fork?
How to give a gift related to crypto? NFT?
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 30 of 100 now 😱
How do you guys manage tax? I’m UK based
Government-run token exchange
Government-run token exchange
Any other degens attending Future of DeFi?
What do y’all reckon? I’m always skeptical about you tubers but a crypto loving coworker is adamant this is gospel
🔐 Learn how to setup user roles for your smart contracts to protect privileged functions. Led by Fran Giordano - Software Engineer at OpenZeppelin; 📆 Thursday 8th April; 1pm PT/4pm ET/8pm UTC
Noob Question About Eth Decentralization
Why is my post censored?
Removing MEV and removing MEV auct**ons
Hail Mary! Help from a miner - transaction stuck on pending :/
Where to start with Smart Contracts &amp; Dapps with no prior programming skill?
Sneak Peak of STC Terminal functions for Student Coin - This Can be Huge (Create your token Feature) 🔥🔥🔥
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 30 of 100 now 😱 DEFI - POS - ICO 🚀🌕
Hit an ETH milestone!
Private key has a bunch of F’s
ERC: Antitoken - Representing debt in a token
Is there a way to buy ether without verification?
Can anyone point out why ETH went down 5% today?
Generating Keypairs for Cold Storage on Windows XP
Is it possible to maintain an Ethereum wallet responsibly?
My bottom-up introduction to NFTs and Smart Contracts
$FROGE - 2 the moon?
Crypto Mining Equipment at the lowest price ever! 35% reduced price!
What is your opinion on gambling game dapps on Ethereum?
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 30 of 100 now 😱
How is „Foundation.app“ hiding it‘s contract, when the contract lies on the ethereum Network?
Gaia token air drop distribution set for May 31st
Can someone help with understanding XYK formula?
Bored at work so I decided to make the Ethereum symbol out of thumbtacks
Convince an Open Minded BTC Maxi
ETH Berlin Hardfork - New Coin?
I developed an application to filter Ethereum for specific (historical) events and save them in .csv format
Unreleased Beat #5 "Wubby" - (Prod. by Lil Astro) NFT Beats | OpenSea
BridgeOracleSystem
I have developed an application to filter the Ethereum blockchain for specific events and save them as a csv file
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
Why do so many people think ETH is gonna dump soon?
Polygon expands to Enteprise with a collaboration with Infosys Consulting to revolutionize the trillion dollar insurance industry
New to crypto and wanting to up my game
Cannot transfer ERC 721 token in MetaMask in dev environment.
Which blockchain wins the NFT market?
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 29 of 100 now 😱
Hey fellow Cryptonites! Here's my genesis drop on https://foundation.app/Kemp/m-il-k-ultra-16824 (my Moloko brings all the Droogs to the yard?) More in the collection coming, featuring such pleasantries as cannibalism, the singularity and Cronenberg goo...
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 29 of 100 now 😱
The NFT community is a joke.
Still vibing though
Can we expect lower gas fees with ETH 2.0?
Multiple transfers in 1 transaction?
Is it a secure site for exchange eth to paypal ?
Sign up to win one of five Ethereum coins
Clarifying VALUE Token
BridgeOracleSystem
Bit of a noob question regarding gas.
Top Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013 to 2021
MVP of ENS on L2 with Optimism: Demo Video + How to Try It Yourself
How to GETH ethereum (with 40% discount)
Intelligence dossier finds Bitcoin is outperforming gold, but Ethereum is outshining Bitcoin
Beam Sync in 80 Seconds, Using Meta-Witnesses
MVP of ENS on L2 with Optimism: Demo Video + How to Try It Yourself
At what time and day are Gas fees lowest?
If you’re interested in crypto, come watch this interview with the Bitcoin billionaire Dave Chapman! He’s the executive director of BC group and has a LARGE amount of Bitcoin (XX,XXX)
2000 Wallets! MelloToken
Vitalik Buterin- Why sharding is great: demystifying the technical properties
2000 wallets! MelloToken
How long does this Transaction Takes Normally
Why sharding is great: demystifying the technical properties
Recap of ENS Online Workshop April 2021
What is Ethereum and How Does ETH Work
Anthony Pompliano DESTROYS Kevin O'Leary On Crypto
MetaMask and Filecoin: the new project to create Web3 sites
Low hash rate
Recap of ENS Online Workshop April 2021: DNS namespace integration, governance, L2 demo, and more
dApp thread:- Read here why EarnBet was awarded the best blockchain casino award. Unlike its competitors, it leverages off state-of-the-art blockchain technology and is fully decentralized with on-chain bets. It has a $2,000 $ETH leaderboard promotion and a $50 sign-up-bonus active.
🚀HOPR partners with Tidal Finance to insure payment solutions and protect users’ metadata
Will there come a limited supply for eth???
Unmineable ETH mining code
Is this my one chance to get a whole etherum? Or should i wait for a better time?
Who are the creators of this project?
About right
Airdrops
ETH Compression zone
MEW wallet stake questions
airBaltic the first airline in the world to issue NFTs
What is a good buy price right now.
OMG 📉⬇️ what's going on? 🦕☄️🌪⛈🌊
Why!?!? 😤
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 27 of 100 now 😱
Ethereum dip
How much ETH will fall today? Looking for better entry to buy more
r/EthGamers reaches 1k subscribers!
What do you rate as a ‘reasonable’ initial token distribution for Founders/Team Members?
NFT Resolution
AtoN - a time-travel NFT
How the current tax rules in the 5 eyes nations hurt crypto, especially Ethereum
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 27 of 100 now 😱
Lowest Gwei price
Ethereum To Be a 'Store of Value,' According to Skybridge Capital’s Anthony Scaramu
Wrapped and unwrapped coins
Help a man out (Please)
Removing MEV and avoiding MEV auctions
Smart contract platforms should become rollups
Looking to trade Pewdiepie NFT(worth 5k) for an NFT of similar value or crypto
Do I understand the basics Ethereum? And am I ready to buy in?
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 27 of 100 now 😱
discord group
3 HashLips NFT giveaway today!
Second post about useDApp, the new DApp building framework
Second post about UseDApp, the new DApp buidling framework
If ETH is decentralised how can it transfer from PoW to PoS without the approval of the majority of the miners?
useDApp: Deep dive into custom hooks and testing
Dump ETH, let’s buy back in at better prices. WEAK Hands Get Out!
Does anyone know what this transaction refers to, and if funds can be retrieved?
Studying The Chart
Alchemy launches Dutch Auctions for arbitrary tokens. Wrap NFTs into liquid tokens with AlchemyDAO then sell tokens in a fair auction model to unlock capital from NFTs while preserving decentralization.
If ETH is decentralised how can in move from PoW to PoS?
Free cash bonus
Is there any website that shows ETH 2.0 staking reward equation?
CRDTpay Partners With Changelly To Make Crypto More Accessible For Its Users
The Different Types Of Ethereum Tokens - ERC-20, ERC-223, ERC-721, ERC-777 Comparison
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 27 of 100 now 😱
Quick question about how transactions get chosen by block proposers in PoS
Crypto projects face a challenge to gather metrics and statistics from nodes run by many different parties. Read how the Streamr Network can be used to solve the issue in this blog from Henri Pihkala!
Two Hashmasks talk about the week's biggest NFT news
Whats The Move On This Coin Right Now ? What Are You All Doing With Holdings 💨🚀
want to buy ETH need help
ETH stuck in a contract...
Introducing HypeSneakrs 👟 10,000 one-of-a-kind NFT Sneaker Collectibles on the Ethereum Blockchain, powered by OpenSea 🐳
HELP! Was mining like a dream, now suddenly losing connection often
New to Ethereum Mining, Please Be Careful of Address Changing
Error during a swap I did on MetaMask. It still charged me the gas fee. Is this normal? Should I get my ETH I paid for gas returned? Not sure why the swap failed. Im scared to try again and lose more ETH. Any suggestions?
When can we shut the mouth of this false person?
Ethereum eip-1559 and hardware wallets
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Stronger Collections' before its swooped up!
PoS Upgrade Sharding
How does EIP-1559 adjust basefee if ETH price goes up or down?
Looking for some private feedback on an Ethereum side-project I've been working on to see if it's worth deploying on the mainnet
Potential New Use-Case for NFT's
SaveArtSpace is pleased to present Pixelated, a month-long, city-wide public art exhibition across billboards and bus shelters in Miami
END DAY  
Blockchain to save the world 🌎
How Ethereum team make their money?
DM if interested! :)
Top30 DEX (decentralized exchanges) Eco by 30d Volume 🥇Ethereum $61.98B, dYdX $19.41B, UniSwap $17.6B
Scaling Ethereum starts in 8 days! Build on Layer 2, ETH 2.0, and Zero Knowledge scaling solutions
A$AP Rocky NFT - Unreleased Track
The hypocrisy at r/ethstaker is incredible. I was permanently banned for saying Binance in a thread whose entire purpose is to show how welcoming they are of differing opinions.
Why does total supply keep increasing?
Face Tat for 5 ETH
POD OF JAKE #4 - VITALIK BUTERIN [A portion of the proceeds from the initial sale of this NFT will be donated to SENS, a nonprofit focused on aging]
Unfamiliar with eth to eth2.0 conversion and plan.
Ethereum 2.0
phoenixminer bad?
12,000 ETH for sale at $2100
Ada and One harmony &gt; eth
The NFT community has too much lo learn, especially art
Check out my Raid Recap to see my Raid story so far - including all my biggest achievements. Start playing Raid using the link below and we can both get some free rewards! https://link.plrm.zone/app/7mlv
How many developers control all the commits of Etherium?
I'm putting €10 a week into ETH and €10 into Tesla. Should I just put it all into ETH?
Contract mistake
Why are gas fees so high for ENS domains?
New crypto giant coming in next month. Exchange with lot of DeFi features. High reward potential
thereum Mini Airdrop Coin
I was browsing the internet and came across this I’ve been using it for like 2 months and made like 2 eth. One of my mates suggesting putting on here hope u guys enjoy
Bnb(bep20) to eth(erc20)
Is eth2 going to use zk snarks or fraud proofs?
Weird Pop Up In MyEtherWallet? Normal?
Changes brought by the new Berlin Update
Ledger (Wallet) and Shopify Face Class Action Over Massive Data Breach
Trading is live on the Immutable X Marketplace!
Should I convert some of my ETH into bitcoin?
Immutable Introduces Gas-Free Layer 2 Solution for NFTs
Pancakeswap Insufficient Output Amount Resolved
Noob needing help - I have 2 ETH 1.0 in Coinbase....is it a good idea to stake them? Why or why not?
Libertas Vox
Decoding Tx Input data using web3j
What percentage of your traffic is mobile? Should crypto products be mobile first?
Tether erc20 to trc20
referral code
Ethereum switching from POW to POS, Who will replace it?, Ethereumclassic( Original Ethereum)
Blockchain (Paxos/Ethereum) may change equities trading for good
Eth 2.0 theory.
Future chaning project
Swapping USDC to USDT Gas fees??
Your favorite crypto hardware wallet Ledger now supports $RAZOR HODL your $RAZOR safe and close to your heart on the go!
Tips on trading ERC-20 tokens?
Ethereum is currently the most popular cryptocurrency on YouTube. The news is based on a study conducted by Total Processing. Total Processing reviewed 10,000 videos to come up with the report.
Ethereum is eth1 is eth2 is Ethereum - a super simple diagram
Blockchain Tracking Software
Noob question: What's the incentive to serve as a node in Proof-of-Staking if there are no miner fees to be collected?
Please Help!
What to do with current ETH?
Ether value takes on Bitcoin — What’s behind the sharp ascent popular?
Does a Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon Ethereum version exist?
Razor Network partners with Cellframe to be quantum ready Oracle solution
EthHub Weekly #160: ETH all-time high, Coinbase direct listing 4/14, Caspian from Starkware announced, Element Finance raises $4.4mn, Aave deploys to Polygon and Fei genesis drama
Minted My Very *First* NFT And I Have No Idea If Or When It Will Ever Sell But That Is Okay :)
“On the blockchain, nobody knows you’re a fridge.”
Is ethereum mining going to die?
Fight of the Century (NFT)
Question about storage of NFTs and access
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 35 of 100 now 🚀🌑
Noob question
Crpyto Domain for sale!
Education: The North Star of Navigating Ethereum
Built on Ethereum, TCAP, The Worlds First Total Crypto Market Cap Token, is now live on mainnet. Learn more about the specifics of the protocol here:
6 reasons to pick PEAKDEFI wallet
I can finally rescue my ETH from Binance!!!
Ethereum project
You can’t run when we shoooott
Ethereum Ecosystem
NFTs - If You Don’t Know, Now You Know
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 34 of 100 now 🚀🌑
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 34 of 100 now 🚀🌑
Coinsmart get $15/€10 + $60/€40 more promotion ends 30th April! UK/EU/CAD
Join the Crypto Kombat's LP-farming campaign and collect exclusive NFT
$RAZOR Network &amp; CELLFRAME⚔⚔⚔ Quantum Resistant Partnership ⚔⚔⚔ CELLFRAME is a quantum-resistant layer-1 network focused on facilitating secure and scalable cross-chain transfers.
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 34 of 100 now 🚀🌑
Is it normal for my hashrate to fluctuate this much? The large dip is when I restarted on of my rigs. I’m new to the whole mining scene and would love some advice.
No money to invest? I made $104 on DutchyCorp in under 3 months to buy Ethereum
TCAP, The Worlds First Total Crypto Market Cap Token, is now live.
Don’t trust Clearsave! It claims to be a regulated broker but it’s actually not. The platform is owned by a company called mg capital which is not even on the web. https://mgcapitalscam.com/
DeFi for a better World ?
hello world
Are other smart contact cryptos like tron and cardano more like ethereum or ethereum classic?
Merchant Token ICO - DEFI PROJECT 🚀🌕 - Phase 34 of 100
anyone selling Ethereum?
Hitbtc does not withdraw money to a trader with cancer.
I need help understanding pool mining
Ethereum Layer 2 protocol Immutable X launches on mainnet, aims to substantially cut NFT costs
Layer 2 protocol Immutable X launches on mainnet, aims to substantially cut NFT costs with new Layer 2 scaling protocol
Berlin Hard Fork on 14th April. What do you think about that?
How does DeFi yield? And how it's different from traditional finance
Get your STC before the fork begins on the 14th. This will be directly on the ETH block after it finishes!
Is Ethereum Better Than Bitcoin?
Family Rules
50+ Materials About NFT Everyone Should Check Out
5 Reasons Why Developing on Ethereum is Still a Good Idea
This dApp casino is offering a $2,000 $ETH reward for the top 50 leaderboards. It was recently rated as the Best Gambling Dapp in the 2021 Blockchain Casino Awards. It offers 5 games (such as BlackJack that has a house edge of 0.5%) and a massive jackpot of over $260K with low minimum bets.
higher gas fees for less gwei ?
Shutter Alpha Released on the Testnet! #MEV
ETH and gas
Price V Gas
Ethereum layer 2 solution Polygon leaps into trillion-dollar insurance industry
[28%] of the wallets interacting with [MakerDAO] also interacted with [Compound]
Impermanent Loss XYK Equation
Geth v1.10.2 - Kepler Verge - is released
Now is the best time to cross the bridge to L2-Ethereum!
An ethereum domain for sale
Billionaire Mark Cuban Unveils Why ETH Will Surpass BTC - CoinQuora
berlin
🚨New Listing Alert🚨
Impermanent loss XYK Calculation
VAR Finance is the next moonshot we are pumping this week.
Bep 20 address
How ETH 2.0 will help with scaling
INX- The First-Ever SEC Registered Token Sale is happening on ethereum blockchain
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 33 of 100 now 😱
Wanchain fully compatible with Ethereum...
Can you easily amend smart contracts on ETH?
Is there a way to amend smart contracts easily on ETH?
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 33 of 100 now 😱
Web3.py: From Ganache to Infura
Simple Moving Average vs. Exponential Moving Average
ETH transaction pending time... (currently 19hrs)
Who remember this classic?
Next Block in 3 years in ethpool.org - Is this a problem?
Thoughts on waves coin
Merchant Token ICO Referral
Is it worth investing?
Enzyme Finance, Mona L Isa, &amp; DeversiFi Livestream Playback! 🎥
Time locked reversible transactions?
BridgeOracleSystem
AI-generated people as NFT's on Ethereum
Citizen Finance
NFT’s are the new ICO’s
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 31 of 100 now 😱
Some help needed please...
Pulse Network
Proposal: Make "Ultrasound Money System" Ethereum's catchphrase, like Bitcoin has "Digital Gold". Thoughts?
How long will mining be a thing with GPU's in general?
I see many people asking for a good platform to trade ethereum on. I suggest Binance as it's rlly easy. You can use this reference and save 20% on trade fees
Complete information about TLM token..where ,how and why to buy it before listing
Out of these popular cryptocurrency lending platforms, which one do you use?
hey has anyone heard of pi the crypto currency you can mine on your phone
Howdoo's first quarterly burn has been completed! In total 3,084,247.29 $uDOOs were burned!
Does anyone know what happened on Apr 8 2021 and why did the TVL of DEXES have such a sharp and steep drop?
Full Roadmap to learn Blockchain development in 2021
The hypocrisy at r/ethstaker - I was permanently banned for saying Binance in a thread whose entire purpose is to show how welcoming they are of differing opinions.
Dydx w starkware is
Is it possible
Maurice.
Transferring from Voyager to Coinbase
The hypocrisy at r/ethstaker is incredible. I was permanently banned for saying "Binance" in a thread whose entire purpose is to show how welcoming they are of differing opinions. I don't even like Binance.
I created a tool to filter Ethereum for event logs such as 'Transfers' of any contract and store them in .csv format
Permanently banned from r/ethstaker for this, is it some kind of rule that you can't say Binance?
END DAY  
Daily top cryptos trend &amp; momentum, April 9th - Ethereum Network dominates
$SKL will bring the koalas safe to the moon 🐨🚀
$SKL will bring the koalas safe to the moon 🐨🚀
Welcome to the Metaverse
Ethereans of Arizona!
Merchant Token ICO - DEFI PROJECT - Phase 39 of 100
will it drop more
Let Me Fly is my favourite DMX track
MEW wallet
This is why Uniswap v3 could have “insane efficiency”
BridgeOracleSystem
MEW wallet- where is my unused $ amount?
Y'all got any more of that...?
Join the dawn of the digital Renaissance! - Now on Discord
Realistic, Honest prediction for ETH this year
Does anyone keep their ETH of over 3k+ on Coinbase Pro? Is it generally safe?
Token holders on Etherscan
L2Beat -- New site for Layer 2 analytics
Do I need to have intermediary in form of company to create a wallet?
Estimated gas fees after scaling?
BridgeOracleSystem
I don’t know if it’s appropriate here 😅 but I just got my first NFT listed on the Foundation - “The Nomad”🖤 Leave some feedback in comments guys
“Photography framed #1”
“Photography framed #1”
eth2 update 013 -- Bison Trails
Good time to buy?
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Hood - Eminem Type Beat' before its swooped up!
Earn Omcoins
Best way to learn coding smart contract ?
Is there a tldr on how it would be possible in the future to implement an ETH2 SPV client?
Merchant Token ICO - DEFI PROJECT - Phase 39 of 100
Ethereum standard hashrate token--EHash: the innovative pioneer of hashrate token 2.0
WWE Launches Undertaker NFTs Ahead of WrestleMania
New art from a sick artist. Released on 09,04
Ethereum User Bids $6.3 Million on 16 CryptoPunks Within Minutes
future of consumer blockchain products
future of consumer blockchain products
Why should i invest in ethereum?
Over 85% of Ethereum developers support migration to Proof-of-Stake in 2021
Minted my first NFT. What do you guys think?
Influence Space Strategy MMO, built on Ethereum and scaling for Optimism. - White Paper
It’s amazing what can happen in one tx
It’s amazing what can happen in one tx
Transaction is stuck and I tried cancelling. What can I do?
Cancelling a pending transaction.
What happened to emoon.io ?
Question about “Eth2” on Kucoin
Chasyr Discord Now Open
Razor Network on HECO and BSC Blockchain
Rant: Thought I was late to the Crypto Game, but realized I am way too early
Why is Everyone Complaining About Ethereum Gas Fees?
Will I need to make any changes as a miner regarding the upcoming berlin hardfork?
Remember the purposed april 1st ethermine switch?
The ETH 2.0 Merge - An Open Source community website for explaining the ETH 2.0 switch to Proof of Stake
“What’s the difference between a coin and a token?” - a quick primer for beginners!
It all comes to pressing that BUY button.
Federal Judge Sides With Ripple, Grants Access to Agency’s Internal Discussions on Bitcoin, Ethereum and XRP
Why the Chart for Ethereum Still Favors the Bulls
Zero Knowledge Episode 175: zkEVM &amp; zkPorter with Matter Labs
BridgeOracleSystem
Block gas limit increase
Top 10 Low Cap NFT Crypto Projects to watch out for
Interlude, an Ethereum based scavenger hunt protocol
Guys please help me out.. windows updates f*** up my miners and i need to manually take care of it every time, losing at least 5 hrs of mining until i am able to manually set it up again. Os there an easy way disable the updates? any other solutions?
#citizen_finance #blockchain #crypto #ethereum
Ethereum 2.0 Price Prediction and Fundamental Analysis
The first Layer 2 for NFTs on Ethereum has been launched
Looks like 2021’s DeFi Summer is going to be a lot more accessible and not just for whales
Fundamental thoughts on Bitcoin vs Ethereum: 2 advantages that gold has over silver but Bitcoin doesn't have over Ethereum
Anyone doing Binance Staking - ETH 2.0? enlighten me about it please. in a simple way. thank you : )
Do you think companies will invest in ETH too?
Augur: Predicting The Future With A Cryptocurrency?
Let's brainstorm the Integral.link approach to making better AMM DEX, weak and strong sides.
Publicly Listed Meitu Now Holds $100 Million in Bitcoin, Ethereum - Decrypt
The first Layer 2 for NFTs on Ethereum has been launched
Ethereum. Why?
Wallet for multiple people?
Changes brought by the new Berlin Update
do gas fees scale with your how much ETH you're transferring
Wanchain L2 solution, 15th of April
Impermanent loss XYK Equation
New coin Merchant Token going really fast in phases! (phase 36 out of 100)
Merchant Token ICO Going Fast - Phase 36 of 100 now 🚀🌑
Where can I buy and hold NFTs?
"It's 60% Bitcoin, 30% Ethereum &amp; 10% rest!" - Mark Cuban. That's how Mark Cuban's crypto portfolio looks like 🤑 How does your allotment look like? Tell us in the comments👇
How to buy Ethereum anonimously?
How to buy Tron anonimously?
Hard vs Soft Wallet?
A Decentralised Application Network: The Case for Ethereum
Incorrect Shares
Ether price takes on Bitcoin
Scam or not?
Bought in too much into the ETH-killer story I realized what was actually out there
Should I wait until Berlin upgrade to move off Coinbase?
Scammer or not?
How does EIP-1559 adjust basefee if ETH price goes up or down?
Should we expect a pump when the Berlin update come out?
Should we expect a pump when Ether 2.0 comes out?
12 New advanced data dashboards 💡 Compound Total Unique User(borrower+lender) -7.88% 💡 1inch (Ethereum) Trading Pools Created on 1LP 💡 MakerDAO Vaults Created -17.24%
Student Coin (STC) Anything you need to know - Features Overview - Create your token, Exchange, Stacking, Listing Calendar, Tokenomics and more
Should I stake my inheritance money?
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
END DAY  
#bullish
END DAY  
Did I lose all my ETH?
Sent ETH to the wrong address
In memmory of Carl Lewis.
When will I get payed out on Ethermine?
What’s this 2.0
Ethermine Mining Payout Question
Eth
Noob question on transaction fees
Valentine’s Day
I want to learn about ethereum on a technical level
Who exactly is borrowing all this crypto?
Ethereum seems to mostly track Bitcoin, does anyone speculate that it will take off and make much bigger gains through 2021 vs Bitcoin?
Noob question
86.34% of my crypto portfolio is in ETH. Today was a really good day for me. I hope it was for you too.
Possibly going to buy $100k worth of Ethereum, where do I keep the coins and how to Stake it?
Berlin Hardfork Countdown
Coinbase IPO Is 7th Biggest But Ends With Price Drop!
Learn how CryptoDivine's AI can help you make better decisions.
Doubts about Minting items
ETH big problem :(
https://www.elongate.cc/teslagiveaway No URL provided.C
[Bug - app.ens.domains] Selecting bulk registration does not select names on additional pages.
ETH been bobbing over $3K (in Canadian dollars). 🚀 🙏
Ethereum Berlin Hardfork Upgrade will take place in approx. 8 hours at Block #12,244,000
Everyone saying that we will not have a coin come out of this hard fork is...
369M$ locked on Aave's Polygon Markets, upto 100% APY on Stablecoin Deposits and Borrows, Compound the receipt tokens on QuickswapDEX or ComethSwap for APYs upto 250%.
First Purchase with ETH
How can I create a new address with no trace back to the old one?
Ethereum The Dragon. Do you see it?
F2Pool and Sparkpool both now turning gas reward on blocks into Chi gas tokens they can sell direct and pocket 100%, beware
Buy in
Ethereum end of year
Selling ethereum
Should I buy right now or wait for a drop
Holly shit. I’m glad I hoped on the Ethereum train and traded my Bitcoin for it. It’s at 2400
This is unusual and intriguing. ETH diverges from BTC today to go 3.2% higher while BTC dropped 1.4%
Dear Humans,
Question about staking ETH on exchanges
0x93315e25e86E4A907f2e8B7facB008D5c887cdb9 this is my eth adres can you donate for my dream pc ly all &lt;3
What goes on day to day for the ETH development team?
Merchant Token (MTO) ICO Going Very Fast
Berlin update go ok?
Easy Crypto free signup offers potential to earn £450 UK or EU + various other countries all work
Assistant to find ETH Address owner
Wow 🚀 ETH
🚀
ETH f🚀
Where have all the flashbots gone?
Can you get scammed by scanning a QR code?
Ethereum price prediction for 2022
New HIGH!
I’m so happy!
What is the Goal/Purpose of Ethereum?
Fastest ICO in 2021 so far - DD
MyCrypto moving away from Medium
Coinbase Employee lists official Coinbase Direct Public Offering NFT for 420 ETH
KNIT FINANCE
Ethereum is now unforkable, thanks to DeFi
Scammed out of $3k
Enterprise Blockchains and Trade Finance (Training)
32 ETH over 1 BTC
Student Coin Bonus Code Exyfxvhhmd
[Question] token divisibility
I can only see 1 of 2 transactions, and it's been pending forever. I'm confused. Please help!
When will ETH 2.0 be fully rolled out? And what are your predictions in price following the roll out?
Tired of looking for a reliable Crypto Mining seller? Your research is over!
Ethereum’s Gitcoin Raises $11.3 Million, Spins Out of ConsenSys
BTC to ETH
Ethereum’s Gitcoin Raises $11.3 Million, Spins Out of ConsenSys
Why don't we bump Gas Limit to compansate EIP2929 and make it 15M?
Why don't we bump Gas Limit for compansate EIP2929 and make it 15M?
Uniswap
Can we reliably estimate what the circulating supply of ETH tokens will peak at?
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013/2021
Poor miners
Calling All Change-Makers!
Ethereum mining software
Can we reliably estimate what the circulating supply of ETH tokens will peak at?
Polygon and Aave have partnered to launch a liquidity mining program on Ethereum. Polygon has allocated 1% of MATIC supply worth $40 million to the program. The program aims to create an inflection point for DeFi on Ethereum
I finally own one full ethereum! 1.05 to be exact
Introducing Smart Invoice by RaidGuild - payments redefined.
Transaction fee exceeding the amount I want to move for what BAT and other random tokens I have are worth
I just sold half etherium into Bitcoin ☘️
🌍💧🚰 WELLcoin RELEASING TODAY AT 6:30 EST/10:30 UTC!! 10X+ expected LOCKED LIQUIDITY, LOW MARKET CAP, VERIFIED CONTRACT! (FAIR RELEASE)
RaidGuild launches Smart Invoice!
How do we know Berlin fork worked
How do we know the Berlin fork is finished
Zero Knowledge Episode 176: Zk-zk-rollup &amp; zk.money with Zac and Joe from Aztec
I now for the first time own my first full Ethereum!!
First time ever owning one full Ethereum.
What are the Ethereum sidechains that currently exist?
Why I’m optimistic about Ethereum Scaling
BRINGING KNOWLEDGE TO A FRIEND
How to switch account without using metamask?
First time wood burning and this is what I decided to burn.
What is the cheapest gas price you can pay that will not make the transaction stuck?
Which are the best mining sites that are paying in Ethereum ?
ether mining
Telegram mining
Matter Labs Unveils Ethereum L2 Scaling Solution Better than Optimistic Rollups
Please help me recover my wallet with 1000ETH. Here's my seed phrase
Stake ETH? ETH2?
Can someone help explain gas fees
New to Eth, what's the value proposition/differentiator from the other big coin?
Just joined the family! First ETH bought!
Need ETH to buy ETH... brilliant
Stupid question, probably.
Misplaced ETH in hardware wallet, can I recover?
Starting Right Now!
Mining
Coinbase w/o fees
Catch-22. I was forced to convert my BTC to USDT in order to meet the min. transfer from another platform. Now I’m stuck
What will become of my eth. Will it automatically become eth 2.0?
Highest annual interest?
About investing every month
Staking question
How come every time Ethereum skyrockets, Ethereum Classic absolutely mega-crashes?
Question about NFT contract types and minting fees
Compound vs Aave
NEFERTITI (NFT)
😱 How can a girl go 25 days without sleep? 🛡️ DeFi Crypto Revolution &amp; Consumer Protection 🤝 (Serious Project – Insane Potential – See White Paper for Yourself)
New to the forum just bought 1 Ethereum for 1800 gbp lets see what awaits etherurm!
Phoenixminer
Is there a website that sends you updates on the transactions of a certain ETH address?
HeroMiners pool
BTC options tradable in the Apple app store through Powertrade’s platform on April 15th. Insurance DAO in the works too (DAO is on Ethereum)!
[Rant] Fixed Transaction Fees on MEW --&gt; TX Fails
BTC options tradable in the Apple app store through Powertrade’s platform on April 15th. Insurance DAO in the works too (DAO is on Ethereum)!
Ether price flirts with $2,400 ATH as irreversible hard fork looms
Holding aETH instead of ETH?
What are your thoughts?
EVM &amp; Web3 on a sidechain of Bitcoin Cash. What do you think?
How to check the latest deployed tokens on etherscan?
Crypto market overtakes world’s most valuable company — The Independent
ETH in 2025
The APR for staked ETH 2.0 was just dropped from 7.5% to 6% on Coinbase
With Ethereums' 14th of april planned Berlin fork now seemingly sliding into the 15th of april, it will make one hell of a birthday gift for me tomorrow being stuck quarantined at home alone, thank you in advance Vitalik👏🏻👏🏻
Should i buy one eth now or wait?
Aren't sidechains a cruder form of chain sharding?
Newbie...hi!
When you lose 8k in gains but make it back with ethereum 😈
HA!! This made my day. Needed a good laugh.
Simple and convenient way for merchants to start accepting Ethereum and other coins. Because it allows for crypto, card and digital payments all on one device, this will encourage more businesses to start accepting crypto. Overall, a great step towards adoption.
Crypto Wallet - Trezor Model T
Is 40 or 20 GWEI too low for gas price?
Trying to withdraw fund from pooltogether.com but fee is so high - 149$!!! Whats wrong?!?
Searching for a group
Sell or hold
Will Berlin Hardfork give any new coins like ETC?
Buy now?
“Not Your Keys Not Your Coins” Becomes the Law of the Land in California.
Same seed with different wallets
#DOGE! Are you going to ____ ?
Orion’s code has been successfully migrated onto the Polkadot ecosystem. This migration was successful thanks to Moonbeam. The integration is expected to reach completion in Q2 of 2021.
Join up swissborg and get free joining €£
unable to lock the token
ETH/USD VS ETH/USDT
Berlin Update - Feedback on this article
What are the most important differences between LTC and ETH?
What can i use solidity for?
Bitpay - Linked ETH wallet does not have enough ETH for fee error when transferring USDC from Bitpay to other wallets. but i do have ETH of around $50 in my Bitpay ETH wallet. How come still showing this error? PLS HELP.
Who needs food anyway
How to spend $2000 to learn about Ethereum, blockchain, protocols, etc.
Can we hit $2500 by tomorrow?
Train of Thought: Security of ETH
Ecstatic to join the 1 ETH club! But I'm not done yet!!
Own the very first NFT based ad network!
Where can you find charts of total market cap value of tokens broken down by platform they're issued with?
Mixed feelings
AI RESEARCH: A Humans Guide to Non-Fungible Tokens
Ethereum gas limit
LGBTQ+ NFT Art is here for a good cause
Bankless SotN #42: Ethereum Devs Building DeFi. Preston Van Loon from Cryptex &amp; Prysmatic and Will Villanueva from Element
ETH2 Validator: 32eth?
real advantages over dots/cosmos/ada?
Ethereum Billboard — Birth of Forevertising
Well deserved celebration. 🚀🚀👏👏
END DAY  
Making pocket change
PLEASE HELP. I think I just lost over half my life savings on an Ethereum scam.
PLEASE HELP. I think I just lost over half my life savings.
THIS IS NOT A DRILL
Did they fix the glitch this morning with the Berlin update? Coin base halted it this morning, haven’t heard anything else about it.
Ethereum could eclipse Bitcoin
I think I just lost 10 Ethereum to a YouTube Scam. Please help, I'm new to crypto.
where to go if i want to write smart contract for specific protocol?
To celebrate ETH touching 2500, I bought another ETH.
I have 16 eth should i use coinbase or rocket pool to stake?
ETH newbie. Couple questions for the vets
Need assistance finding out where I sent ETH
Vesper Proposal to Cream.Finance : Add VSP and VVSP as collateral assets on CREAM
Out of gas??? How did this happen? I literally selected the “normal transaction speed” on my wallet and it failed? Did I lose my ethereum gas fee?
ETH staking on Coinbase coming very soon!
Out of gas??? How did this happen? I literally selected the “normal transaction speed” on my wallet and it failed? Did I lose my ethereum gas fee?
$ETH next entry point?
Rothschild Investment Buys $4.75M Initial Stake in Grayscale Ethereum Trust
Berlin gave us some DoS resistance, time to raise the gas limit
Do you find
Own lots of Bitcoin. Should I be in on Ethereum?
I'm seriously so sick of having all my assets in some sort of limbo. I need to finally get my shit out.
Own lots of Bitcoin. Should I be in on Ethereum?
Join my read cash blog ASAP, I'll be writing articles regarding crypto currency Link below Get up to $1000 on atomic wallet
Last crypto cycle I would post this often.
Pyramid-shaped UFOs spotted by Navy may be the best 'the world has ever seen,' filmmaker says — Fox News
Cost of smart contract migration?
Ethereum noob! Opinions: ..
Was Recommended To Crosspost Here. If You’re A Member Of Both Subs, Please Chime In :)
My Ethereum Story - Total Luck
My Ethereum art made in 3D (Maya)
NOOB REQUESTS ADVICE
B-Datagray - New Blockchain Project
Great Work Bringing This Technology To Retail investors DiGiCrypts!!!
Why did Mark Cuban say that Eth is a better currency than bitcoin?
Maximizing TPS: Smartbch Developer Explains Project's Potential, Metamask Capabilities Seen in the Wild
Am I a bag holder?
Where to keep track of futures updates?
"Just a half an hour into this exceptional charity auction and bidding has reach 20 ETH" -- Edward Snowden
Happy Valentine's Day!
Short term price target?
Eventful 24 Hours for ETH: A Number of Milestones Are Hit
https://cryptonews.best/eventful-24-hours-for-eth-a-number-of-milestones-are-hit/
Telegram bot
Ethereum 2.0
Did I buy eth on KuCoin correctly ? I got beat market price and then I transferred it to my main account, this is how I hold eth ?
Did I buy eth on KuCoin correctly ? I got beat market price and then I transferred it to my main account, this is how I hold eth ?
what does that mean? anything to be worried about?
I want to send an ERC20 token to an exchange but...
Binance - value of my (B)ETH lower than it should be?
Would you stake your ETH on Coinbase?
Eth is down on my end
ETHER about to hit $2500 ..... PUSH
ERC-4000 Staking-Reward Pool Standard (a.k.a ERC20 for yield farming) Request for Comments
So ETH Gas Fees Are Still High After Berlin Fork?
Can you differentiate or trace a particular/part Ether?
WE DID IT $2500!
Why the different prices on different exchanges?
2,500
Taxes with BlockFi
Daayummm, my effereum be doin some—
ETH touches ATH $2,500 !!
I want to buy ETH for the first time should I wait a bit for it to dip?
Where is my ETH?
LETS GO!!! 🚀 🚀🚀 🌕 👨‍🚀
Step by step, ferociously!
New ATH! $2.5k
2500$ USD ETHERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
[Long Term Scalability] I've been reading a lot how Ethereum could be the start of Web 3.0 in a decentralized way, but still can't understand how it can be economic viable to do it
First time buyer
ETH reaches $2.5 k 📈
Ether @ 2.5k!!!
I think it's necessary, but they should stop using ETH
Summary of the ETHStaker Berlin Network Upgrade Livestream
ETH just hit $2,500
Holy crap I have Fomo with eth being the next btc I want to buy in.
Dropped &amp; Replaced transaction but Ether amount not showing up
What would you consider prerequisite knowledge for programming on blockchain? And what is an effective way to attain such knowledge?
Loud Market Ltd - Hiring UK Devs
Ether down on Coinbase
ETH TO THE 🌝
Happy happy happy
Hi, new investor here
Why such little profits with a 3090?
[GUIDE] With all the new people asking how to buy Ethereum I have created a step by step guide on how to buy with the lowest fees.
What is the best CAD ether ETF and why?
New to ETH is ethereum 2.0 happening
I just got scammed
MTO ICO - Scheduled to end 30 June is already 56% completed in only 13 days
Network problems?
Tired of looking for a reliable Crypto Mining seller? Your research is over!
AMC today at closing?
zkSWap EthGlobal Workshop - A General Introduction to ZKSwap
#TVL of #ZKSwap has reached $1.7 billion today, and the liquidity exceeded $1.1 billion. 📢 Also, welcome to give the newly launched community forum a tryout! Look forward to hearing from you all.
Any good freelance sites that pay in eth? (Possibly one without high gas)
ZKSwap Weekly Dev &amp; Operations Update April 5 — April 11
FOMO kicking in
New Crypto Investor
Ethereum Devs Fix Software After Berlin Upgrade Goes Awry
A quick explanation of what the point of the EIP 2929 gas cost increases in Berlin is
I'm afraid with this problem, there will be no loss ? Sorry I’m newbie
REALLY?! Should you farm Harvest Finance with Binance Smart Chain?
When does ETH become a limited supply?
Ethereum rallies to a new all-time high - $2486🚀 Will it surpass $2500 in the next 24 hours?
Sent Eth to wallet from exchange after berlin upgrade. TXN shows it was successful but there is no eth in my wallet. What's going on?
New Method column on Etherscan UI =)
Etherscan synced back to the latest block!
Would you cash in a 401(k) to invest in eth instead?
1 ETH = 1 BTC Progress Bar: ▓░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░ 3.78%
The OpenEthereum issue has been resolved with v3.2.3 release. All systems go!
Beginner Mining - Help
Everything starts very small, so did Ethereum. This is Brian Armstrong's post on Hackernews (Ycombinator) where he seeks a Co-Founder in 2012. Yesterday he went public with Coinbase at a multi-billion dollar valuation. What a journey.
What is required for Eth 2.0 and proof of stake?
Anyone else using this crypto service to find moonshots?Insider info, I've been using the pro service and the team are millionaires that can move a coin. Plus, they've been trading since 2013 and know wtf they're doing. They've already found moonshots like $GRT and $DOT. They have a free service too
Etherium loves me so much that it won't let me sell.
At the time of the London hard fork, where is the best place for me to be holding my ETH, on an exchange, in a hardware wallet, in blockfi etc etc ? Or does it even matter??
Before I invest in ETH
Before I put my life savings into ETH...
Before I put my life savings into ETH...
Celsius Email System Breached, Customer Info Leaked
‘Dramatic’ Round of Regulation Seen Coming for Cryptocurrencies. “This should be seen as an attack on the people who found a way to not be controlled by the fake money their government prints. They are worried that you will have a true free market. “Regulators = the slave owners.”
“Fuck Robinhood” they said
Best Layer 2 Platform for devs
In the meantime.... Dogethereum 🚀
Berlin fork done but the gas fees is still high
Faith in Crypto! Nervously sent ETH to Italy. Received this beauty as promised! In 2 weeks. Now my lucky ticker. Order with confidence. Thank you u/GadgetsCrypto
my latest crypto sticker designs check 'em out!
How could I buy half an ETH with fiat by using Binance? Is it possible?
Tried to buy some altcoins with ETH and got a confusing error
lmfaoooo berlin hard fork, cheaper fees right ?
The Berlin network upgrade for Ethereum is now live! Congrats to the ethereum team on the hardfork!
Made My first Profits With ETH (with a splash or LINK and UNI)
Scaling Ethereum, Starts TOMORROW April 16 - May 14th -- EthGlobal
I found a cool book about Eth called "Vitalik Buterin's Seven Deadly Crypto Sins" for $1 on Amazon
Imagine if all TGC's went NFTs with 0 gas fees
Beginner crypto investor looking for platform advice
A “successful” completion of ETH 2.0 will lead to the transition of a Programable economy as well as the creation of the WWL (World Wide Ledger).
Coinbase issues with Ethereum blocking withdrawal while it's investigation
ETH in Coinbase -&gt; Binance Wallet ‘sending ethereum temporarily disabled’
Need help with stuck transaction
what's up with etherium gas? it hasn't gone down
The OpenEthereum issue has been resolved. All systems go!
I'm new to sending Ethereum and struggling to send tokens
ELI12: Ethereum error after Berlin Hard Fork?
I lost Ethereum from metamask to coinbase, help?
(Help) Is my crypto irretrievable?
Should I sell a percentage?
Hello folks, this dApp casino is partnered up with ChainLINK and has integrated its oracle service to further decentralize its platform. It accepts $LINK and has a $2,000 $LINK leaderboard promotion. It offers 5 games+ has a massive jackpot of over $300K with loads of $LINK! It is provably fair.
State of Stake vol. 46
Is there difference in Gas usage between native ether and erc 20 tokens?
ETH Nodes Stuck After Berlin Hardfork
Can someone ELI5 this stuff to me
Why are all the cryptocurrency source code made available online but not Ethereum?
BTC, ETH, XRP, HOT, DASH, EOS, CRV — Technical Analysis April 15
I want to get started with ethereum. Tell me everything.
Noob advice
Chainlink Whitepaper 2.0 the Future of Decentralized Oracle Networks
RollerCoin Set-Up Guide
All Ethereum deposits and withdrawals have been halted due to technical problems with the Berlin upgrade
Im new to this, and i strongly believe that eth will be as huge as btc in the future.
Is it still early for eth ?
ETH Bug on CB Pro?
Transaction has been stuck for over 2 hours. What can I do?
Should I switch my ETH 1.0 to ETH 2.0 on Coinbase? Where is the best place to pool ETH?
Just getting into crypto
Buying ethereum with a business account?
Nft’s are insane!
Metamask transaction stuck pending - have attempted to cancel using nonce method
LSDoggies NFTs collection
Coinbase, Ledger, and other crypto services impacted by client sync issue following Ethereum's Berlin hard fork
ENJIN jumping train, with an utterly unprofessional tweet to boot.
Etherscan stuck with Berlin hard fork, are there working explorers? Yep
Berlin Hard Fork Goes Live, Promises to Reduce Sky-High Ethereum Fees
Safe wallet for ETH and DOGE
Etherscan is stuck with Berlin hardfork, check other explorers
JPMorgan and Mastercard invest $65 million in Ethereum
What’s the best exchange to buy ETH?
best exchange to buy ETH?
PSA: The Importance of Multi-Client and why the Ecosystem must take it seriously
sketchy website, does anyone have any experience?
Berlin Hard Fork is now Live on Ethereum Mainnet! Congrats everyone!
JPMorgan and Mastercard invest $65 million in Ethereum
I sold- Market Greedy?
Why did Ethereum fees get so high compared to 2018?
Coinbase stopped sends
Why hasn’t Eth boomed yet? Aren’t we a few hours from 3.0 upgrade. I’m Seing all these 100-200% boosts from xrp over small news but nothing is happening with Eth. Please explain newbie
3000 Cad LFG
considering buying an Innosilicon A10 pro 7g
I'm a dapp developer, trying to understand the Cardano value proposition. Imagine Ethereum went "2.0" today. Will that take the wind out of the Cardano project? Or there exist solid differentiators that make Cardano a winner in the long run? Please explain these, as you would to a lay person.
OpenEthereum Berlin HardFork Problem
How to Mine Ethereum?
Is it to late to buy eth
One Step Closer to ETH 2.0: Ethereum Activates Berlin Fork
Ethereum Successfully Launches Berlin Hard Fork
Fix Broken Smart Contracts?
First time investing should I buy one coin ? Or just start with a little amount of money?
How difficult will it be to make a use of scaling solutions for the end-user (your grandma) when they are ready?
Hello crypto buddies, I've literally not read any DD on crypto but seen ETH constantly being recommended. I'm balls deep in AMC and GME but that's over, I'm in!
How soon will we see lower ETH fees?
Buying and storing process
Developer Highlights How BSC Helps Ethereum Rather Than Being a Threat as Berlin Upgrade Goes Live
Hi, I choose not to live in a BTC echo chamber, so can someone please educate me on the changes that are about to be implemented? I want to learn a little more before I started doing a 50:50 split on my weekly deposits.
Thoughts on SOFI platform
Hello! This is my first NFT piece. I really love Ethereum. So making an ETH girl seem like a good idea. Named her 'Ethereal girl' She hodls a full token of ETH. If you are interested, check out the comment section!
Can you lose your funds after scanning a malicious QR code?
Ethereum Berlin Hard Fork: Infographic by ChangeHero
Berlin is live!
ETC has way outperformed ETH over the past 30 days, nearly triple return, any theories?
I drew the ETH using spray and paper.
The Berlin network upgrade for Ethereum is now live
Streamr announces a collaborative partnership with Tapmydata
DeFi still has plenty of room for innovation
Ethereum: What to expect when Berlin upgrade hits network?
FAST BITCOIN GENERATOR. FREE 2.5 BTC. Generate Get Up to 2.5 BTC In to You BTC Wallet! Website URL: http://genxbtc.eu
The Evolution of ETH
Tired of looking for a reliable Crypto Mining seller? Your research is over!
Ethereum charts
Ethereum charts
"Ethereum can overshadow Bitcoin, might go to $ 10K this year ", says Scott Melker
"Ethereum can overshadow Bitcoin, might go to $ 10K this year ", says Scott Melker
🤝 Largest DeFi ICO of 2021 • LAST CHANCE TO GET IN EARLY • INSANE POTENTIAL 😱😱 THIS BRINGS CRYPTO TO MAINSTREAM CONSUMERS • GIANT GLOBAL MARKET (Serious Project – See Whitepaper for Yourself)
How Blockchain is going to disrupt the Neobroker market
In case anyone is looking for an alternative to Infura: https://zmok.io/
Comparing Modern Smart Contracting Environments
Does High-Spec Mining Hardware Increase Profitability?
"The Merge" - a twitter thread
Did you buy Deliveroo shares or Ethereum?
Ethereum at $2,500 - bravo everyone!
Eth finally getting noticed but still reported in a contex that’s for babies and still under the bc headline! All good news though. RTL this morning.
Xend Finance
Transper: A tool for state extraction, upgradation and monitoring of ethereum contracts
Ethereum breaking again?
Transfer ERC20 tokens from binance to ledger using bep20 network
Is it too late to start ?
Eth gone after a failed swap
Too late to start mining ?
All In on Crypto... Too in on ETH?
HashLips will me moving to Polygon network soon. 👄
Biggest Layer-2 DEX, ZKSwap (ZKS), Surges Nearly 60x in Q1 2021 - CoinQuora
what is ethereum used for?
Doge Moon Shot to Interstellar
My first coin. I'm holding forever.
Just memes.
Quickest Way to Deposit Fiat, Buy ETH, &amp; Transfer to External Wallet (MM)?
Welcome everyone to discuss ETH
Nice
Investing Made Easy!
The world's first tokenized venture - EAT - with growing value over time &amp; paying out dividends - tokenizing shares! - ICO soon - https://eatoken.io - Join the venture - https://twitter.com/eatoken1
Ethereum official telegram group
Minting tokens on ETH 2.0!
I am LogicBeach, an artist of sorts. I have created an album that is an Ethereum wallet and am releasing it on April 23rd at 17:00 UTC for the world to try to crack and claim the 1 ETH inside.
Polygon network: Cheaper. Faster. More decentralized. (scalability for Ethereum since 2021)
Can somebody please explain how to avoid locking my ERC20 coins (LINK, MANA, etc) into my ETH address on Trezor?
2.47k right now
Ethereum
Decentraland | OpenSea **20 HOURS LEFT** [-49,-15] High Value Land next to road
ETH 1 or ETH 2?
IS IT or IS IT NOT
How is NFT ruining the environment?
Do the DeFi sector a favour
Trading eth for promising coins to get some extra gains
END DAY  
AM I WRONG?🤔
new ICO opportunity
New Gasless, Multi-Collab Marketplace!
Help with Ethereum transfer to wallet
My portfolio is 100% ETH. Should I diversify?
Question on transaction speed
Newbie Question Exchange Fees
Idea - Looking for Advice
New Project - Looking for Help
Could I get better stats or have I tuned this enough? My only Ethereum rig, wont we worth much after London probably.
I have $100 to invest, will it be pointless to put it into ethreum?
Shorting Doge Coin
What’s the difference of ETH and Ethereum Classic ETC
Rick Astley - Berlin, Never Gonna Give You Up
Vitalik: "Now that the chain is safer, we can increase the gas limit, which makes every application cheaper." Me: "When? Please ETH community, make this an absolute priority ASAP, the insane fees are killing the usability of Ethereum for the 99%"
Canada just approved Ethereum ETF
Noob question: How much would be the transaction fee if ethereum moves to Proof of stake?
Is it a good time to buy Ethereum?
ETH
Dear friends,
Ethereum Unicorn
Tired of looking for a reliable Crypto Mining seller? Your research is over!
When will 2.0 fully launch? Realistically?
Optimism 🛠 Overview &amp; Code Walkthrough
Optimism Overview &amp; Code Walkthrough
Canadian Securities Regulators Approve World’s First Ethereum ETF
First Ethereum (ETH) ETF approved! Corporate Interest Is Growing
CryptoDivine app is AMAZEBALLS!!!!
How to Mine Ethereum
Staking Ethereum
Bimonthly NULS Report for the Second Half of March 2021
Balance not adding up
my new ETH sticker!
If you are looking for a stock/crypto community
🆙 Learn smart contract upgrade best practices: Upgrade proxies &amp; support in OpenZeppelin Contracts; Create &amp; approve upgrade proposals with OpenZeppelin Defender; Automate smart contract upgrade proposals with the Defender API; Workshop led by Martin Verzilli; 📆 Thursday 22 April, 1pm PST/8pm UTC
Join r/shadyrobinhood and share your story of how crappy their platform is and go against them.
Got my payout from ethermine during maintenance.trnx was successful but didn't received in my WazirX wallet. Need Help????
Proof of Stake vs Proof of Work
The True Power of ERC-20 and ERC-721 Tokens
Spades Coin - High Potential !!!! Hours left for Rre-sale to end!!! 0.6 now $ April 17 ---- 01:00 AM GMT-7 on Uniswap !!!!
Waiting for Eth to match Bitcoin price $60k USD Eth please
Pursuing Blockchain Development As A Career
Possible misunderstanding about Ethereum's economics
Gas prices are still ridiculous
Ethereum (ETH) Could Eclipse Bitcoin (BTC)
Exchanges vs. Wallets, &amp; Staking
Purpose Investments has obtained approval from Canadian securities regulators to launch an Ethereum ETF
I thought it WOOD be cool to make an Ethereum piece to go with my Bitcoin one
do we have to convert our eth1 to eth2 at some point?
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Woodward steam and fog Detroit' before its swooped up!
How to Beat an Ethereum Sweeper Script and Recover Your Assets
Coinbase has just started sending staking invites!
[NFT] Waifugram, instagram Anime girls collectible trading cards is launched !
Whats the best strategy to DCA ETH?
Why does Ethereum.org recommends a Discord called "Ethereum hackers"?
My thoughts on creating a decentralized decision making system
Price lag between RH and Coinbase
Why is ether capital worth less now than it was in january while its holdings have more than 4x since then
Solve.Care adds India to its global telehealth network
Best Defi Lending Platform
You Can Now Earn Ethereum 2.0 Staking Rewards on Coinbase
NFTs and the carbon footprint dilemma
Wellp, I gone and minted 3 NFT's this past week on Foundation app. Been animating for forever and finally joined cryptoland with it. ETH is pretty cool
Thinking about staking; is there a fee to transfer holdings from Nano X to a staking platform?
Staking ETH on RocketPool and the RPL Token
Transaction dropped but trade still showing up in my wallet
THIS ENTIRE COMMUNITY🚀🚀
Purchasing ETH in Canada?
What is the "obvious" way to use L2 to transfer ETH from one wallet to another?
Need help - merchant disputing transaction took place
What does staking mean? I’m on Coinbase and it asked me if I want to stake my eth. Is that good or bad?
Is Edge Wallet a good one?
Are audits conducted by Consensys and Sigma Prime considered to be high quality?
Why is the fee so high? Will it reduce to fees like transferring XRPs?
How much ETH is "enough"?
Democracy Awakens - Introducing the Proof of Humanity DAO
Best way/place to trade BTC for ETH?
Soon, all this new Meme Coin money will recirculate into other Cryptos. Ride the wave!
Edward Snowden is auctioning his first NFT
Scaling Ethereum Summit 1/3 is LIVE now! Rollups summit with talks &amp; panels from Optimism, Arbitrum, zkSync and more
Dreams can come true
One of the biggest Crypto Mining store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
Transfer still hung up from 2 days ago. Any advice
im pretty new to crypto and is buying 1 eth a good investment
Dreams can come true
Who Are the Fastest Growing Developer Communities in Crypto?
Filter wallets with combination of tokens
Delegated Governance and pure ETH rewards with Dracula Protocol
I still don't understand the value of Ethereum, but I desperately want to. Please correct my wrong assumptions.
I need help understanding gas fees
The @ETHGlobal Scaling @ethereum Hackathon Kickoff &amp; Summit Starts at 11:00 ET Today: https://youtube.com/watch?v=Hsksm_by7LQ… Register &amp; check out the @ZKSwap sponsored challenges with a total prize of $7,500 and #BUIDL with us!
Is it just me or has ethereum gas gotten worse since Berlin? Am I missing something here ?
Can somebody Explain me How i can lower the gas fee? What the F?!?! I dont even have that much money wtffff
I fucked up
How can I guarantee my ERC20 token transaction won't fail?
HOW LONG IT TAKES??!!?! Already waiting over 2h wtf
Can anybody Explain my Why im waiting 1.5H for fucking approving my coin on uniswap and im paying these high fucking gas fees for that? TF?
NFT Digital Asset Authentication and Storage.
Problem with ETH balance?
With the attention MITs blockchain course is getting, I would like to remind everyone that Berkeley has 4 freely accessible courses listed, 2 with certificates available
PancakeSwap Clone To Build DeFi Exchange like Pancakeswap on BSC
etherum gas price is is raising like it was bitcoin itself
Nietzsche and DAOs
ETH EIP 1559 boost. Community of Investors committed to boosting the ETH Blockchain and Web 3.0 Infrastructure!
I keep buying and selling does anyone recommend a good entry level to just hold because I keep getting fomo
Question from a total NOOB
How Rollups are helping DeFi applications on Ethereum scale today
How do I find out the average eth holding per address?
$DOGIRA - Ex Doge Developer - BULLISH
My first big crypto investment, right choice?
Sent 4 txns some with higher than recommended gas and all of them failed after a few seconds. Paid almost $70 for nothing. Any ideas?
I've tried swapping various ERC-20 tokens in multiple wallets and have the same problem in all but one instance where I'm charged a gas fee for the swap, which says it was successful, yet I still have the same amount of tokens afterwards. Any ideas for fixing this and/or for reclaiming my gas fees?
Some questions about Ethereum
DAOs and the pitfalls of progressive decentralisation
Biggest crypto purchase yet...
On chain transactions per token
Questions on transaction fees
Private Charter (ENS-PCT)
Laid off Facing Eviction- Any Help is Appreciated
Can Etherum ever hard fork again?
New to the crypto (mainly ethereum) game. Loving it. Truly believing in it
To celebrate the ATH of ETH (lol) I bought 1 ETH!
Ethereum (ETH) Breaks $2500, Sets New All-Time High - CoinQuora
Ethereum geth.ipc not created after upgrade
Are miner fees always this high
Any decent Ethereum shirts/merch out there?
Ethermine Send me ETHER but i dont see in "MEW,, (My ether wallet)
🌕 Moonwolf 🐺 First deflationary token built on Polygon
Ethereum Berlin Upgrade Went Live Today, Promises To Mitigate Gas Fees
Ethermine Send me ETHER but i dont see in "MEW,, (My ether wallet)
Help with a pending transaction please
What is Yield Farming? In Defi - (explained)
What is Yield Farming?
An easy explanation and interview from the founder of Ethereum
Kinda feels like ETH is right about here
Imagine you are Satoshi Nakamota
[Devs] Needing a Smart Contract Developer for a new project
Any specific reason for this drop?
🤝 Largest DeFi ICO of 2021 • LAST CHANCE TO GET IN EARLY • INSANE POTENTIAL 😱😱 THIS BRINGS CRYPTO TO MAINSTREAM CONSUMERS • GIANT GLOBAL MARKET (Serious Project – See Whitepaper for Yourself)
Newbie Question: What is the lowest cost way to fund Metamask?
Hey join Nextboat community
I am in a strange situation. Been in crypto for 5 years and have not a clue what to do. My ether balance in one wallet is 0. But I have a pending transaction that obviously isn't going to complete and I cannot cancel it. It is also preventing me from adding ether to the wallet since said transaction
Advice for buying ETH, ETH 2.0
Will my transaction eventually go through? I'm not used to dealing with Eth and had none left to cancel or speed up transaction. Was showing in sending wallet as pending for 5 days and has now disappeared without appearing in receiving wallet. I did pick a slow speed default gas setting...
Ethereum On Mooon 🌒🌒🌒🚀🚀🚀
Will my transaction eventually go through? I'm not used to handling
Do you have to pay fees to execute smart contracts?
FUTURE OF MONEY Crypto, CBDCs and 21st Century Cash - Citi GPS
Want to get into crypto but I am not 18
In honor of the latest bull run and to its continued success... I'm gonna make one everyday
Top30 Blockchain Game Eco by 30d Volume 🥇Ethereum $36.63M, top3: Sorare $13.97M, Axie Infinity $5.54M, Zed Run $5.27M
290 block confirmations; eth still hasn’t arrived
END DAY  
"GAS!!" 😭
PRICE DUMP? WHY?
Ethereum at $1,976 right now 11:36pm
Issues with Metamask? Not getting Ethereum?
eth dip
Reduced Ethermine Payouts
How to save more money in crypto
How to save more money in crypto
Tis Merely A Flesh Wound
Dropped My Second NFT today, I imagine you’ve all experienced this feeling when trading.
How to save more money in crypto
How to save more money in crypto
Just got banned on the B i t c o i n sub.
Buying/trading ETH with BTC: best place without KYC?
Unique Recover Ether Question
THE NON-FUNGIBLE POOP by disturbance , ⚠️Unsold on Foundation.!
Coinbase Verified Accounts
what is happening?
🔴 Cryptocurrency 24/7: $BTC $ETH $LTC $BCH $XRP $XLM $TRX Bitcoin Ethereum Litecoin Ripple
Just got this beauty done. HODL for life
Just got this beauty done 🚀
Staking on Guarda?
Buy,buy,buy
How do USDC creators make profits?
miners are blind
$KONG is going crazyyyyy
Kucoin Exchange Stole My Money
DAOs and the pitfals of the progressive decentralisation
Kucoin Exchange Stole My Money
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Coinbase changes ethereum staking to 6% with no ability to withdraw
Maybe my best investment in 2021
EtherLite #launch Ethereum #Hard Fork
Coincircle
Why wont my ENJ transaction be put into a block using 136GWEI?
My Etereum wallet not loading on Trezor
floppacoin
Where can I learn more about Ethereum?
These Awesome Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
❤❤❤
Is a first deposit fee normal?
HashShiny - World's Leading Cloud Mining! New user get 3 TH/S (BTC) Hash Rate For Free!
Has Ethereum achieved anything yet?
What should i do?
Uniswap transaction Pending... Sorry, We are unable to locate this TxnHash
Ethereum noob asking if it’s worth it
What can we expect the maximum supply of ETH to be once before it becomes deflationary?
Made 2k over the last two days swing trading Doge then cashed out and used the money to buy 1 ETH. (Translation: I left the casino and went strait to the bank)
Canada Approves Three Ethereum ETFs Filed By Three Firms
Is it ok to transfer LP tokens and stake/farm tokens to another ETH address for safe keeping?
Just purchased my first half piece of ETH. I figured instead of my money doing nothing for me in the bank, I would let it grow with y’all.
Just purchased my first half piece of ETH.
Are you gonna miss Student Coin (STC) ICO? Only 5 rounds left!!
"phoenixminer exited (exitcode=139), waiting to cooldown a bit" error how to fix this?
Seeking knowledge on gas and transaction fees please. New to ethereum trading.
Get 1st bid for 0.0404Eth on limits of control. 7000x7000 px / 16 in the collection. Includes a unique code that can be decoded into an extra hidden picture. Welcome to exhibition and opensea
Coinomi and Changelly are some Goddamn Pirates
ERC20 token sent to Bitcoin receive address in error
Bitcoin is dead, we just haven't caught up yet.
Question...
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Ethereum State in Snail Mail
THE REGGAE INVASION of NFTs (Music and Art links in comments!!)
Gas fees / other fees if purchasing ETH with USD through MetaMask/Wyre?
Just getting started, which wallet?
Short term gas expectations
Short Progress Video of TrueBlocks
Question
Coinbase ETH staking LIVE
Can anyone send me (even 0.05$) ETH so I can pay my transaction fee for sending Chainlink? (I can send you Algorand in exchange if you like to)
High transaction fees are not a big deal for Ethereum. L2 is coming and most users will switch back from more centralized networks.
Missed profits
Can anyone send me (even 0.05$) ETH so I can pay my transaction fee for sending Chainlink? (I can send you Algorand in exchange if you like to)
Earn fabolous profit with the best and cheapest Crypto mining equipment!
Staking on Coinbase - withdraw anytime?
private key
ETH 2.0 Gas Prices
Missent
Merchant Token $MTO ICO - The most complete review you will find - Tokenomics, ICO Details, Token Distribution, Roadmap and more 🚀💎
The most profitable Crypto Mining on the market! Huge discounts!
@Citizen_finance project is going to give us a huge profit in the future and strong team efforts to reach the top and its team is working very hard on this project so that this project is going to give us a very good profit. Best wishes!!
Neon District Achievement Badges
SpaceDoge in Ethereum blockchain. Please consider joining this rapidly growing community!
Market price ticker - uses a Raspberry Pi
🔥 Community Update 🔥 🤝 Partnership with VortexDefi 💬 AMA on Unifarm 🌌 Galaxyfarm 2 is Live, move your assets from Cohort 1 to farm 🌾 11 tokens ⚙️ Razor supports BinanceSmartChain 🔗 $RAZOR lists on Chainswap 🥞 $RAZOR-$BNB pair live on PancakeSwap
(Question) Does Ethereum have a long term competitive advantage over small coins
How do you feel about your Ethereum being locked up for 1-2 years by staking it?
Questions from a noob
Eth 2.0 - Ethereum 2.0 What's it all about?
How does EIP-1559 adjust basefee if ETH price goes up or down?
Apparently one of /r/btc users is having "anger management" issues. I seek the public opinion of how our subreddit should deal with such cases.
MOGO CANADA - just signed a deal with coinsquare - Join by the link before promotion ends! Withdrawal $20 instantly or keep it in bitcoin! Invest for free!
Ethereum ETH HODL
ICONOMI
Where is NFT stored is it like Json Web token?
Staking ETH on binance
How to withdraw REEF token from ether wallet.?
It’s Time for Ethereum: Two Ether ETF Approved by Canadian Securities Regulators
I gave my grandparents 10 ETH each on Christmas 2017 — I told them that they’re worth about $50,000 now and if they wanted to cash out. They said HODL!
Onboarding Your Assets From Ethereum to Binance Smart Chain [#BSC Tutorial]
ETH &amp; ANKR
Aggregated open interest of Ethereum options reaches all time high
Making sure my ETH brothers/sisters are in the loop.
Will Ethereum remain the second largest cryptocurrency?
Is ~66MH/s a joke?
Need some help with Metamask and Rocket Pool
Binance lost my money
Eth 2.0 staking without locking in
Eth 2.0 staking without locking in
Defi Hacking
Influence - Ethereum Powered Space Strategy MMO ----Launches today---
Accidentally transferred ethereum pegged to binance to my Bitbuy account in August and haven't been able to recover it. Any advice?
I’m a beginner that has just started crypto currency. Can someone please help me
Recommendation- RocketMoon (RMOON), 2 days old, Currently on Massive DIP, easy 3x Short Term.
Ethereum blockchain security
Bitcoin News btc 17.04.2021
22 Hearthstone Character art collection. ( Link In the description)
The most profitable Crypto Mining on the market! Huge discounts!
It do be like that
3 year old Ethereum ATM Ticket woes
Can anyone explain to me whether it’s a good (safe) idea to stake my ETH and earn up to 6% APR on coinbase? I don’t want to sell ETH anytime soon
How do I know whether my Geth Node is finally snyced?
advice needed on investing in altcoins
How to invest 10k in this bull market? When to sell eth?
USD 100 for USD 4 transaction!? I was excited to use crypto for actual use ...
What is the Berlin Fork actually do?
Influence Space Strategy Game Release today
Im bag holding cause of the high gas fee
Blockchain manipulation - how to spot it?
Canada Approves Launch of World's First Ethereum Based ETF
Gasprices between Wallets
Is Ethereum Destined to be King of DeFi?
Someone here applied to the ETH Staking in Coinbase?
You Can Now Earn Ethereum 2.0 Staking Rewards on Coinbase
Sending tokens at low cost
Anyone help with increasing gas fee
A Trio of Ethereum ETFs Set to Launch in North America
Which Network to transfer ETH on? Is it ERC20?
Meet PISSCOIN, a new ERC-20 cultural token for the ETH network
NFT and Doge effect on Ethereum?
Transferring ETH from Coinbase Pro to Binance - ERC20
So who got some Bitcoin!! n WBTC
Boob questions from a small time miner
Interesting new whitepaper 🤔 Might be a moonshot if this comes true
Weird lolminer error
Noob Question: Does ledger nano s create ethereum address or do I need to create one (like MyEtherWallet) and connect it to ledger?
New to the crypto (mainly ethereum) game. Loving it. Truly believing in it
Effect of NFT Bear Market on ETH?
Power of DeFi for noobs case study #1
This aged like milk in the Sahara desert 🌵 🐪
Rothschild Investment Buys $4.75M in Grayscale Ethereum Trust Shares
Can miners scam you ?
Investing in etherium
New FND piece
END DAY  
How to buy VET
Proof of Work vs Proof of Stake
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
$10 fees just sending around ethereum, getting too crazy! Not worth buying an NFT at this point unless you're planning to spend $100 and willing to lose 30% in fees and around $100 fee for a swap 🤯 eventually we'll get better but wow
What’s one of the best apps to trade crypto that’s not robinhood?
Hbar investment option
In a survey of 108 Coinbase employees, the majority voted that they are most interested in investing in Ethereum over other types of cryptocurrency
I love this
Vitalik: "[after Berlin] now that the chain is safer, we can increase the gas limit, which makes every application [fees] cheaper." So, should we do it? Are we ready to lower the fees and make ETH live up to its true potential?
Rate my gaming pc mining setup. RTX 3080.
Which is more secure leaving ETH on ledger or Online wallet? Thanks
I made it to the 1 ETH club !
Will Eth 2 have gas fees?
Join Coinbase Bitcoin Futures 🔥🔥
Purchasing Eth in Canada
Bitcoin is implementing ERC-1559!!!
Need a place to buy ether that can put into separate wallet with no wait, like wyre on metamask.
Question about multiple transactions
3 major flaws with current NFTs
Less than 12 words? Wallets from 6+ years ago
Logo Epiphany
Logo Epiphany
Is it worthwhile to get into LOOM?
Ethereum/DeFi/web3/blockchain development/solidity meetups in/around Los Angeles???
Purchasing Fees on crypto
Should I buy ethereum now?
Are gas fees actually higher, post upgrade?
Are nfts forever? For example let’s say I’m naked in an nft?
Expensive ETH gas
Made it!!
Is there anything I can do about a transcation
Why is it that people create tokens on eth?
Formula for calculation ethereum profit?
Vitalik: "[after Berlin] now that the chain is safer, we can increase the gas limit, which makes every application [fees] cheaper." So, should we do it? Are we ready to lower the fees and make ETH live up to its true potential?
Best and cheapest way to buy ETH and transfer to my Ledger
Ethereum 2.0
We are dCanvas, and we bought a CryptoPunk to give away for free
Blockchain Community on Discord!
Problems buying from Canada
Why is ETC price going up?
Need help with binance bridge
Contract deployment gets reverted?
Contract deployment gets reverted
Ethereum - 3 halvings in 12 months?
Generative art to the Defi
[Question] Boardgame on the blockchain
My L2 NFT on Matic - dogecolors
LF Help Understanding the Security &amp; Other Dilemmas Facing Layer-2/Sidechain Solutions
Bought the dip!
Transferring to a USCD Supported Ethereum Wallet?
Join ETHRUN.io
The most profitable Crypto Mining on the market! Huge discounts!
"Words" - an exploration of censorship by A•STASIS (NFT available on rarible)
To be ready for Crypto corrections when "Bitcoin plunges to levels not seen since last month" start using the right tool predictive AI trend indicator CryptoDivine.ai by DigiMax Global (OTC: #DBKSF, CSE: #DIGI ),deep-learning AI that predicts price movements in #BTC and #ETH
ethtrader
Cheapest way to withdraw from Coinbase
Bitcoin Flash Crashed - Here's Why
Canada Approves Three Ethereum ETFs Filed by Three Firms - CoinQuora
New to ether and have a question
Me seeing the Ethereum discount price 📈
Ethereum with blockchain
Bitmain hints at hash rate specification of upcoming Ethereum ASIC miner
HOW TO HACK EXTRACT ETHEREUM FOR #FREE? EASY #ETHEREUM EXTRACTION METHOD...
Looking for a developer skilled in ERC20. Paying $150/hr.
https://citizenfinance.io/
https://citizenfinance.io/ Citizen Finance applications can be seen as different layer of the citizen finance ecosystem
Where can I follow Ethereum 2 progress and developments?
This dApp casino allows you to gamble with your LTC and since it is decentralized, it offers non-custodial accounts. It has on-chain bets, therefore, is transparent and provably fair. It currently has a $2,000 $LINK leaderboard promotion and a $50 sign-up bonus. It's jackpot is crazy big- over $300K
please check out my NFTs . Thank you sincerely
Buy ether at it's greatest dip, it's said to go 2800 soon!!!!!!!
Does ETH going up in value hurt ethereum as a platform?
Best European Places To Buy &amp; Store Ethereum
Dogecoin a scam.
Canada has approved three Ethereum ETFs today The ETFs will start trading via the Toronto Stock Exchange next week. Purpose Investments, Evolve ETFs, and CI Global Asset Management filed the ETF applications.
Question about my biggest failure
How to lower L1 transaction fees on any blockchain
Trustworthy software wallets for ETH
Best exchange for ethereum in U.K?
Is "It appears that this txn is taking longer than usual" normal?
Merchant Token $MTO ICO - The most complete review you will find - Tokenomics, ICO Details, Token Distribution, Roadmap and more
Merchant Token $MTO ICO - The most complete review you will find - Tokenomics, ICO Details, Token Distribution, Roadmap and more 🚀💎
Which is better Ethereum or Bitcoin?
Getting started with blockchain programming
Short animated explainer on How Ethereum works | TikTok audience targeted
I just bought the dip and officially joined the 1 FULL ETH Club 🍾
If you can decode this you can take what's on it (1ETH)
1ETH challenge
how is ethereum sustainable considering i just tried to do a basic uniswap and gas estimate was 200 usd?
Crash
Whales played their games.Historic losses for Leverage long games. Leverage liquidation at 4 Billion USD. All historic High. lession learned: Greed kills...absoutle greed kills absoutly!!
ETH futures
Some Tips For Successful Cryptocurrency Trading
What retail stores accept ETH?
Eth2.0: what happens with Eth1.0?
Hi I’m New to crypto, any tips? Currently trade stock on Robinhood, should I use it for crypto as well? All help would be appreciated as I’m particularly interested in ether’s potential. Thanks a ton!
Help
I'm currently writing my Bachelor thesis about NFTs in Fashion. I would really appreciate if you could help me by answering this short survey about online-shopping. :)
Ethereum NFT Includes Token &amp; Physical Ethereum Coin w/ Cold Storage!
why are people shoehorning blockchain projects when you can do it with sql? newbie question
ERC: Antitoken - Representing debt in a token
Is there a tutorial for Ethereum?
eth app
AI-generated NFT people on Ethereum
Sent my Vechain to their smart contact address
Best European Places To Buy &amp; Store Ethereum
Very Dumb Money!!!
Am I missing something ? I just transfered my coins from Gemini to BlockFi without fees
If some financial institutions use cryptocurrencies to launder money, the fault is purely of these institutions not of the blockchains that where used in the process.
Ethereum collectible
My life rn 🦍
What do you guys think? What’s gonna happen?
How To Profit From The 2021 Cryptocurrency Bullrun?
Which projects have used Ropsten ETH?
Sent to wrong address?
How to buy Ethereum
Uniswap V3 Is Coming. What Does It Mean For UNI?
Lost $822 so far :(
HELP ASAP
eth gas prices over time realtime- is there a site that shows a live hour by hour average gas (slow, average, fast)
Sent Etherium from my Hardware wallet (Ledger Nano S) to Metamask but it didn't appear. What's really weird is that it keeps "appearing" and "reappearing" in my Ledger Live wallet.
ETH dropped 7%, why? Do I have to worry?
How to Mine Ethereum
Lost $94 in fees for nothing in Metamask-Uniswap. If this is normal its unacceptable.
Check out gas prices during mini crash (Sat 8:47PST). Have you ever seen gas prices higher?
Check out gas prices during mini crash (sat 8:47pst). Have you ever seen them higher?
China cut power which significantly dropped the hashrate for bitcoin and seems to be the trigger for the dip. Was there any effect on eth2 validators? Theoretically this is the sort of thing PoS will help resolve since running a validator on a backup battery is more feasible than running miners.
Coinhako platform rates
TRON
trust wallet crypto swap
If you're on the Ethereum train, you're likely in this for the long run.
Got my 1st whole coin
Three Simple Tips For Successful Cryptocurrency Trading
Spread between robinhood and CBP
Eth on sale
No ETH electrum wallet?
Ethereum 2.0 Explained for Artists
END DAY  
Ethereum Resumes Selling Pressure, Unable To Breach $2,300 Resistance
[idea] dual-contract tokens
New here.
I am warming up to EIP-1559
Hodl, sell or sell to buy back?
Want to join Pi network?
What’s going with all the crypto taking a dip? Do you expect the dip to continue?
How peeing at 3AM made me want to buy Ethereum
Glitch Cy-Fi // Tokenized Organ Transplants Under Regulatory Inspection
Looking through old transactions....
What’s the best way to buy Ethereum?
Should i buy now
What about having future phone OS’ running full nodes for ETH2
Trying to understand how decision making works...
HI
plz help
Newbie Ethereum fee from coinbase to transfer to my wallet
Ethereum Blockchain Transaction Visualizer
Noob here
ETH Staking on CoinBase. What’s your opinion?
Need help
SAVE PLANET EARTH IS 🚀🌚
ETH 2.0 on Coinbase yay or nay?
PSA: There's a bug in some ERC-721 NFT minting processes that lets anyone Mint from another persons address and make Fake / Unauthorized / Fraudulent NFTs. Be careful what you buy.
Merchant Token $MTO ICO - The most complete review you will find - Tokenomics, ICO Details, Token Distribution, Roadmap and more
Digital Artist for Hire
Stupid Korean
What will Ethereum be worth in 10-15 years?
Cashed out some ETH to buy my dad his dream car!
Hi Guys! I Made this Ethereum Diorama Led. What do you think?
What’s the best way to buy Ethereum?
Would someone be so kind to send me 0.003bnb?
Gas Fees!! Any hope of getting any lower??
Coinbase business or personal
The Golden Leaf
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
EasyFi Lending Protocol which is integrated on Binance Chain was hacked today
Do you earn interest just by holding ethereum?
Btc to ETH swap moving slow... are transactions slow right now? Blockchain wallet
How does one earn interest with ethereum? Is it by default?
Brought Eth which I thought was on BSC but it's not how do I transfer it to BSC?
ETH Project: Seascape.network the STEAM of DeFi...20x potential. Ticker: CWS/USDT on MXC.com
Sent Eth from metamask to my kucoin account been over 5 hours how long does it normally take? Transaction spped was average.
Gas Price is insufficient
Is there anyone that would consider themselves an expert on ETH 2.0 that would like to come onto our podcast to discuss the nuances of the update? Specifically the new proof of stake mechanism utilizing validators and breaking down the blockchain via sharding. Also, if and how this will ...
Got my second eth!
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News!
Try out the release candidate for OpenZeppelin Contracts 4.1: UUPS upgrade proxy, FlashMint ERC20 extension, Multicall batch transactions, Cryptography tools ERC2098 &amp; SignatureChecker; npm install @openzeppelin/contracts@next
Torus launches OpenLogin: Non-custodial Face/TouchID logins to any application, on or off-chain! https://openlogin.com
Could passports be replaced by smart contracts?
GAS FEE OF 98.43 dollar for a 20 dollar transaction!!! Bnb is the new ether
Cannabis Strain NFTS
Why does this happen...?
Poll: If you were to invest in the new Ether ETFs, which one would it be?
I want to buy ethereum, but I’m not sure if i should do it now or later, any advice?
Ethereum block rewards
Gas cost question by platform
Why This DAO Bought Snowden’s NFT for $5.4 Million - Decrypt
Make the case against ETH
DigiMax Signs LOI to Launch Global Crypto Currency Hedge Fund, by @accesswire
Student Coin Bonus Code Sxhb5qdwtg
Make the case AGAINST Ethereum
Since the current year is the year of the bull, next year is the year of the water tiger. After thorough examination I've come to the conclusion that this means it will keep above sea level; aka 6371.146km. This means eth will stay above 6371.146$/eth. Thanks for coming to my ted talk.
Social Token ZYM Database &gt; ERC20 Ethereum 💪
Taking out a loan and putting eth as collateral
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Korean virtual idol member collaborated with Digital art and then is invited in NFT auction
Lost wallet! Looking for advice or help
Advice from expert or recovery service for MetaMask Wallet recovery
SAVIX
Awesome!!! BCH
What do I do with a $1M in ether?
Above the Treetops NFT link in comments
Above the Treetops NFT link in comments
CI Global Asset Management to Temporarily Waive Entire Management Fee on World’s First Ether ETF: CI Galaxy Ethereum ETF (ETHX)
LIVE invervie with BTCS the CEO of an ETH staking business.
How high do you think ETH will go this bull run?
REALLY?! Would you farm Harvest Finance with Binance Smart Chain?
What will Cryptocurrency and Ethereum be like in 5 years?
Sorry, can't go on our date. All my extra fiat goes to help my ETH token babies grow.
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Do you think ETH will ever dip below $2k??
Is right now a good time to invest in ethereum? If so, why?
Ok. Your thoughts on ETC?
SOS limited
SOS limited is undervalued in my opinion
how can the voter verify that the candidate’s choice has not changed?
smh
Is nft the new mp3?
Layer two solution is live!
Brand new sub for 🚜 and memes
Is There Money In The NFT Fad For Sports Media Brands?
The Ethereum Family Conundrum
Why the price of eth falls and at the same time the price of gas grows?
HELP!! I WANT MY ETH BACK!!
How convince my friends to buy productive coins like ETH instead of Dogecoin
Join the talk with Vitalik B &amp; Martin S. for overview &amp; questions on EIP-3403: Partial removal of refunds
Get United!!!
Saving Gas on the Ethereum Mainnet
I bought 2 ethereums today
Staking vs interest accounts
Check out HollaEx! They added more alt coins!
Tell me if I'm stupid
CC payments - settled in ETH - for all NFT purchases... opening the door to the mass market!
If your Bank offered a Cryptocurrency Wallet Service, (similar to a service offered by Coinbase), would you be happy to use it?
How often do people lose money by sending it to the wrong address?
Why does the gas price for depositing ETH to my NEXO account is so high?
FAILED SWAP IN UNISWAP
Do you think ETH will ever dip below $2k??
Coinbase IPO, Bitcoin Security with CoinsureNZ, Bitcoin in New Zealand: To the Moon ep. 9
Tiny gas fee
Dumping my life savings
Price drop
i just want to buy shiba inu cant gas fees to damn high
gas fee bad
gas fees
Argent and the jokes on me
Converting tokens back to ETH
World’s Largest DAO Inks 10-Year Deal to Bridge Big Banks and DeFi
Stake $RAZOR Network on Cometh now‼Crazy APY‼🚀💯
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
[Education] Multiple Economics and Finance educational courses, with Free Certificates of Completion and College Accredit Exams. - Yes, Free.
HELP! ADVICE!
Thoughts on Torum?
ETH to BTC
Noob Alert : when is the ETH gas fees will be low?
API3 and Open Bank Project Initiate a 10-Year Development Partnership to Bridge Open Banking With…
Ledger and WalletConnect - A safe way to get my hardware wallet into DeFi?
ETHEREUM
Viberate Teams Up with Blockparty to Deliver World’s First Live Event NFT
Where can I find latest DeFi / Ethereum technical papers for academics?
Ethereum To The Moon
I did this transaction more than 20 min ago, did I screw things up?...
Its been 10 minutes and the money hasnt droped in my other wallet, did i do smth wrong?
You should consider using an investment trust to grow your portfolio
Interesting new whitepaper 🤔 Might be a moonshot if this comes true
Economics and Finance educational courses, with Free Certificates of Completion and College Accredit Exams. - Yes, FREE.
Help!
ETH CLOUD MINING
Economics and Finance educational courses, with Free Certificates of Completion and College Accredit Exams. - Yes, FREE.
Argument with professor about Fat Protocol Thesis. Please weigh in:
Argument with professor about Fat Protocol Thesis. Please weigh in:
SmokeSignal is a free speech platform built on Ethereum and EVM chains. Live now!
Argument with professor about Fat Protocol Thesis. Please weigh in:
Argument with professor about Fat Protocol Thesis. Please weigh in:
Argument with professor about Fat Protocol Thesis. Please weigh in:
Argument with professor about Fat Protocol Thesis. Please weigh in:
Ethereum argument with professor about fat protocol theory.
Ethereum argument with professor about fat protocol theory. Please weigh in:
ETH price can be $40k+ if just 1% of centralised financial services moves to DeFi!
Ethereum inspired stellar crystals painted on wall, 2015
Crypto Trends 19 April 2021 🇩🇪 Berlin Upgrade consensus error 🤖 Flashbots and gas prices 🌲 Blocknative Simulation Platform + Collaborative art during Berlin viewing party
Once EIP1559 gets implemented would block rewards end?
I am a student attempting to write an ETH miner.
Staking , everything you need to know Part 2: Ethereum staking
DEUS Finance
Argument with professor about fat protocol thesis. Please weigh-in.
Argument with professor about “fat protocol thesis”. Please weigh-in:
$20 eth reward for help with wallet
Converted to Ethereum
"Day 2 of withdrawing my ETH from HitBTC" presents: hopefully a short series of posts about withdrawing funds from HitBTC.
Transaction dropped but still queued
Buy anonymous
Thoughts on using NFTs to trade physical goods (long post)
Help a guy in need
Where is the NFT what is it?
You Can Now Earn Ethereum 2.0 Staking Rewards on Coinbase
Told my Dogecoin profitt and put it all on Ethereum!
C
How to read smart contract
Added two more 3070 rtx. Total 360mh/s
What is Ethereum? A beginner's guide.
Vitalik Buterin Says Ethereum Will Scale to 100,000 Transactions Per Second (TPS)
A review of the Ethereum White Paper (Ethereum Explained)
Canada Approves Three Ethereum ETFs Filed by Three Firms - CoinQuora
Cheapest way to be eth-chain coins?
Scalability Race - Update 2, Late April 2021
New Decentralised Finance Stacks, Alternatives to Ethereum
How high do yall think etherium will go and why?
Why my posts are not displayed ?
Appreciation post for u/kevg77 who gifted me 0.021 ETH!
Blockchain development Quick Starter Guide for Software Developers
Looking for best place to buy ETH with BTC without KYC
Ethereum 2.0 and my $80
What's the latest ETA for POS merge and where can I stay updated on it?
END DAY  
Just bought my first ethereum! Super pumped not really sure about much but hoping to see it keep climbing.
💎 r/chicodee 💎 A community for stocks, crypto, credit, and anything else to do with obtaining FINANCIAL FREEDOM!!! 💎GIVEAWAYS💎 Do not place limits on yourself! Lets grow!!! Sub now!
Fees
Bitcoin is the GoD,s Money. In Bitcoin we Trust
MEV protection strategy
Gas limit
How Can I Get A Flash Loan?
How Do I Create A Flash Loan?
What Is Ethereum Classic’s Contribution to the Blockchain Industry?
Serious question for those that know about ONE harmony what do you think of it?
Help with ETH fees
NFT viewer, link to NFT content with each button press! Can play a unique audio file for each button!
Please support me
What is the exact eth2.0 deposit volume?
How Ethereum Works: It Seems Like We’re Living in a Futuristic Alternate Universe (yahoo finance)
Just received 2 Eth’s, almost cried
Ethereum settled $1.5 trillion in transactions in Q1 2021
Noob here with a few question!
(Noobie) Best way to go about with my (soon to be) 1 ETH?
What's actually happening to my ETH when I transfer it from Ethereum to BSC?
NFT art show. Looking for ways the gallery can automate royalty payments from their ETH address to artists in perpetuity.
Transfer still pending, if someone that knows more than me could explain what's going on
What is Cross-Fi?
Sold stocks for ethereum
I made it to 3!
Converting
Best Staking Sites?
Do I pay capital gains tax?
Ethereum Cat Herders Update #42
Controversial thoughts about Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies
The world's first AI-generated NFT
How to send back Binance USD (ERC20) to binance from Trust wallet?
When is the next update for ETH?
OGNFT420 Livestream - School is in session
Gemini wallet to portfolio
How much percentage of total liquid cash you guys are investing in ethereum or crypto in general?
Ethereum transaction not showing on etherscan.
Txid question
Do you guys think ethereum will drop again sometime this week or next week?
Curious about Proof of Space Time vs Proof of Stake
Fast &amp; Free Ethereum (ETH)
confirmed news
Lucky at Doge, new to Eth, advice?
ETH or BITCOIN ?
This has got to be the worst blockchain , absolutely ridiculous this thing is eating my money up in fees just to transfer €100 back to a binance chain!!
Ethereum
Help a new miner
How can I see the ownership of an NFT?
Minimum ETH Deposit for Kraken??
How do I write an amount of ethereum?
The road to Ethereum - Visualising a merged, data-sharded, rollup-centric future -- Barnabé Monnot
I've got some LINK which I want to swap to ETH or something else, but I got no ETH for the fee.. Is there any option without buying with money to get out of this?
ETH vs ADA (Cardona)
OpenZeppelin are looking for a Technical Community Manager. ⚡ The ideal candidate has a technical background and is interested in learning community management. Great opportunity to build a career at OpenZeppelin.
Beginners Guide to Decentralized Finance (DeFi)
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
https://www.publish0x.com/blockchain-gaming1/my-friend-just-said-nfts-and-crypto-gaming-are-stupid-what-b-xdnzokp
Uniswap V3
Dapp Roadblocks
Not completely new but I have noob questions about Ethereum, mining, staking and whatnot
Should I earn interest on my crypto?
🆙 Learn smart contract upgrade best practices: Upgrade proxies &amp; support in OpenZeppelin Contracts; Create &amp; approve upgrade proposals with OpenZeppelin Defender; Automate smart contract upgrade proposals with the Defender API; Workshop led by Martin Verzilli; 📆 Thursday 22 April, 1pm PST/8pm UTC
Should I earn interest in my crypto? (BTC, Etc)
EthHub Weekly #162: Market pulls back, COIN now live, Gitcoin raises $11.3mn, ConsenSys raises $65mn, Defiant raises $1.4mn, zkPorter announced and Coinbase eth2 staking is live
Not sure how to use an exchange/which exchange to use.
Accidentally sent USDT from Binance Hot Wallet (BEP20) to an Ethereum address
Not sure what exchange to use/how to liquidate from a wallet. Help!!
HARMONY? comparison.
Behold, the Ethereum Cake...A Symbol of Love and Unity for all HODLers
Transfer times?
Accidentally sent USDT from Binance on BSC(BEP20) to an Ethereum address
New to crypto! Quick question. How will the unlimited supply of ETH affect the coin in the future?
Best way to buy and store Ethereum?
Need a few Göerli eth
It do be like that!
I learned my lesson...🤦‍♂️
New to crypto, just bought some ETH, any advice
For ones interested in NFT art, here is an article to understand the tech issues behind NFTs 🎨 ✨
Ethereum, the unicorn of crypto
$Kangal has a lower market cap than any other meme coin. Send it.
Transaction without gas
I just made 1st NFT Game . I actually think NFTGs will have a huge market one day. Next step in art? Thoughts?
Biggest ICO of the year STUDENT COIN hurry up guys !
How long does it take to transfer from crypto.com to BitMart with usdt?
WAXE to USD
ERC-20 Tx Failed NOW WHAT?
the mint function below, indicates that developers can mint new coins constantly ??? Thank you.
New to Ethereum, question about lolminer
Someone please tell me what's going on. I transferred ETH from Whitebit to Bitmart and the transaction now shows successful but its not in my balance. The addresses are 100% correct
We built our own printer
New to crypto
Is it safe to keep BEP20 and ERC20 coins in the same wallet
KRAKEN IS SCAMMING EVERYONE!!!!
Dumb first question (sorry guys)
What am I paying for?
Using wallet as login identity
BTC, ETH, XRP, XLM, DASH, BNB, TRX – Technical Analysis For April 20
Good idea to use wallets as login ?
(dev) Is it a good idea to use wallets as a "login" provider.
vitalik buterin recent giveaway scam
Looks like the calm before the fucking ROCKET LAUNCH
Contemplating whether to buy now or wait if it drops again to 2100🤔
Three Ether ETFs begin trading on Toronto Stock Exchange
Korean virtual idol group collaborated with Digital art and then is calculated in NFT market including Ethereum.
Is Ethereum a good long term investment?
My missing ether
Great time to be alive
!commands
Hi Guys where can I buy crypto from? Im in Mexico and a lot of apps don’t work, I’m using Coinbase at the moment but it has a limit of 200 dollars per week because of my country. Thanks in advance and hope everyone is doing good!😁
This Ethereum factor plays a fundamental role in the 2021 rally
Venmo Adds Cryptocurrency Support!
If you build DAOs, study ants. "They adapt to changing conditions (sudden food availability, environmental disturbance, predators). Their nests thermoregulate, balancing solar collection &amp; ventilation. They can even solve NP-hard problems like Travelling Salesman when they forage..."
New to Ethereum
Premium finance themed .crypto domains have just been released!
NFT Prince Purple Rain!
Any thoughts on what Gary Vee is teasing on his instagram
I saw this online and it gave me a chuckle. If it does not fit your group take it down.
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
Newbie: ETH Wallet + Exchange
DexGuru - Real-time Data, Analytics and Trading for AMMs in One Place
Happy 04/20, everyone!
💎EARLY GEM💎 $WEED - WEEDSWAP.IO &gt;200k Market Cap 🔥 Decentralized Exchange on Binance Smart Chain 🍁
Doge- Price .420420 captured on 4/20/2021 - First NFT!
WTF Gas Fees
If i will invest in one crypto to sell on april 2022 which currency should i invest in ( ethereum or zilliqa Or synthetic or AAVE or chainlink or cardano ADA )?
Decentralized Exchange (DEX) on the Binance Smart Chain, its the Pancakeswap Version for all Weed Smokers - Get High &amp; earn Money as Community 💸 100% Community based - we love Feature/Update/Pool Requests &amp; just we just launched a lot ahead ! 🚀Join our Community 🚀 🌍 Website 💬 Telegram 🐦 T
How at-risk is my staked ETH?
Earning potential of over £1000 in free signup bonuses in UK/EU/CAD/BR/AU/ASIA/EUROPE and many more countries
ok i got 500$ worth just before the update! Now what? Seems like ETH is the future not bitcoin?
New to crypto and NFT. Best ETH wallet?
Any recommendations on which offline wallet to use to store my ETH? I have a meagre 600$ of ETH currently in possession and I'm new to ETH. Any tips?
Frustrated.
3 Ethereum ETFs will start trading today in Canada as crypto fever continues
Asked someone in a Bitcoin sub about Ethereum
For non-technical people: Is it worth staking ETH2.0 now or smarter to wait for the full launch / things like RocketPool?
Validate an Idea: DeFi simulator for python developers
Is this a joke or what?
BETH / Binance Ethereum Staking
Platform for proof of ownership [question]
Now you can track your $RAZOR token on Blockfolio ‼‼ 🥳
11 million $ETH locked in DeFi and counting...🔥
"Store of Value" -
Metamask to BSC
Discussion: Are the coins competitive to ethereum a real threat?
First NFT; would love any advice you might have!
Credible Neutrality - The Daily Gwei #229
Newbie Question - Buy ETH on Crypto.com and put into MetaMask? Is it possible?
Venmo adds crypto trading to its app
(Noob) sorry If this is a stupid question
ETH ETF on Kucoin
Hello. I'm the new guy.
How does daostack work?
Beginners guide to Ethereum (Lesson 1)
Ether Discord
Ethereum Discord Server
Where Can I Find Reliable Analysis?
3 Ethereum ETFs Gain Approval in Canada | ETF Trends
Can SegWit be used in the Ethereum network?
Beginners guide to Ethereum (Lesson 1)
ethereum/blockchain project
My transaction keeps running out of gas when transferring ETH/ERC20 token from my wallet
Where are the ETF’s trading?
You’re invited to 0xHack - online hackathon
How to buy ETH for the first time?
New to crypto... too late to get into ethereum?
More than 70 million customers can now buy ETH directly within the Venmo app.
Venmo today announced the launch of crypto on Venmo, a new way for Venmo's more than 70 million customers to buy, hold and sell cryptocurrency directly within the Venmo app.
etherium
Earn free BTC and ETH with this PokemonGo-like game!
مسار سعر الإثيريوم ETH إلى 3000 دولار لا يزال ساريًا 2021
Check out this #NFT from Grammy Award winning pianist/composer Kevin Hays for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Eyes of the Shepherdess (Hi-Res AIFF Audio File)' before its swooped up!
Let the good times roll
0x9Ee44c0818662F11aC423772BC3c656A7dc66c01
I found my old wallet key! Now how do I access it?
HyperPay On-Chain Wallet
Help pls !!
Beginner Guide to Decentralized Finance (DeFi)
When will eth hit the 3000
CargoX (running on Ethereum) Authorized as Egypt's Blockchain Document Transfer Gateway
I find it so pretty, by msshanh
Will China deploy Cryptocurrency as a Financial Weapon?
Crypto-convert JPMorgan is hiring developers skilled in Ethereum
Just started mining ETH with 2 gaming laptops
Péter Szilágyi (geth lead) has no more immediate objections to raising the gas limit
6 rtx 3070 @ 360 mh/s
How to earn $ 200 in 30 minutes? Join me now
Why not substitute fees for Proof Of Work?
Ethereum To The Moon
Any reasons for the recent 10% dip?
Got i scammed?
Reported 190mh/s and average 49gh/s how is this possible he is getting paid over 150k a month ?
SOMEONE HELP - GPU 1070 - NEW in mining
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Buy low, sell high or HODL?
I have had a couple ETH since 17, do I want to stake them? Will it keep me from selling them for a certain period of time? Do you buy ETH2? I am confused!
Gas fees
Quick question, is there a big difference between the Proof of Work and Proof of Authority consensus protocols regarding energy consumption?
Polygon (MATIC): Could It Win The ETH Scaling Race?
The reason why i hate ethereum more and more.....
Finally have one full ETH
Staking Question
Solythium dapp
The master is thinking about visiting chateau de pretty! Rawcutmasters no. 24 treasure piece. Can you find it on the blockchain?
Incorrect ETH deposit
Gas Fee Success Story
NFTs for artworks
I missed out on BTC. Scared to miss out on ETH. Where/How do I start?
Tether USDT just hit the 100 million Transfers mark
NFTs for artworks
ETH deposit to Bilaxy exchange from (unsupported) Nexo smart contract... now what??
Official pyethereum github page cracked me up: https://github.com/ethereum/pyethereum
END DAY  
Eth newb a question
where is ETH/BTC at by May 31st ?
What to do with just 50$ in ethereum?
Crypto Analysis - Bitcoin $BTCUSD &amp; Ethereum $ETHUSD
Reports That Bitcoin Creator is an International Drug and Arms Dealer Resurface
Ethereum Block
Ether block
Bitinfocharts source
Does amount of ETH transfer effect gas price or transaction price?
Hiring Backend Solidity Dev
ETH newbie
Your ETH based NFT values wouldn't be dropping like a rock if they were as transferable as the ones on EOSIS.
Ethereum is scaling by raising the gas limit from 12.5 million to 15 million
Has anyone tried avoiding fees by selling ETH for a coin like DGB, XRP, etcetera and transferring for quick payment?
Nexo credit line vs capital gains tax
Mine Ethereum With Telegram
Going 80% savings on ETH !
Help, can’t transfer eth to Coinbase?
Up or down?
Ethereum fees?
vitalik buterin devours salad
UnFUD me. I am nervous about what these gas fees will do to Ethereum.
Any safe place to park my ETH with minimal risk at &gt;15% APY?
Phone Giant Deutsche Telekom Invests in Celo's Crypto Network
ENS domain renewal help. Are there L2 solutions such as Zksync to renew ENS names?
Is ETC still worth it to buy?
Trade Ethereum at 0 gas fees on MoonSwap
OKAY, I’m so done here 🤦‍♂️
From Coinbase to Metamask, but where's the ETH???
$ANKR is where you should be staking your ETH, also grab you a big of ANKR and let’s employ this strategy below
Swapping BNB smart chain for Ethereum
From Coinbase to Metamask, but where's the ETH???
When you tell her you got into eth early
Whats the difference between pools? I started today and need some advice
Bitcoins Lightning Network What Is the Purpose?
Sent Ethereum from Coinbase to Metamask, but where's the ETH???
ETH
Odds of financial institutions creating their own blockchain protocol to oust Ethereum?
Last Quarter, Ethereum Settled $1.5 Trillion While PayPal Settled $936 Billion Throughout 2020
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
Value Proposition
Open Call for NFT Artist | RevWendyforCongress
How will Ethereum thrive even with government regulation?
Where can I buy ETH instantly
Question on EIP1559 + ETH2.0, particularly Fee Burn, Inflation, and Fees
As a DApp developer, what are some ways to monetise my services ?
Tax question on tracking transactions for tax purposes....
Interesting Question
Some NFT and DeFi investments and finance related courses to help me up my skills
Ethereum Foundation Says Goodbye to 'Cat Herder in Chief' Hudson Jameson
Old Address Question
🟢 ——-- 🐲🐲 WELCOME 🐲🐲 ——-- 🟢 Released 🐲 MASTER TRADE 🐲 Infinite CMC listed and beyond 🚀CoinMarketCap listed
NFTs exposed using magic tricks
How a Brazen Hack of That $69 Million Beeple Revealed the True Vulnerability of the NFT Market
12k on ethereum
Eth...I love you, but
Interesting attack on arbitrage traders by attacking Ethereum Uncle Blocks
The GridPlus Lattice1 is The Best Way to Securely Use Ethereum Today: The User Experience of a Software Wallet Coupled with Best-In-Class Hardware Security
is ethereum better than bitcoin?
Give a man a steak and he'll eat for a day. Teach a man to stake he eats forever.
Ethereum Foundation Says Goodbye to 'Cat Herder in Chief' Hudson Jameson
What are the next steps/milestones?
Is it theoretically possible that miners/validators/stakers as applicable could ever accept a currency other than ETH?
What's the best way for people who hold less that 1.0ETH to make money from the Ethereum?
Stable Coin on Coinbase Pro, Transfer to Kraken to Buy Eth
Just bought my first ETH, questions regarding ETH 2.0
PancakeSwap eclipses Ethereum network in 24-hour transactions
How much gas fee we should expect on Ethereum 2.0 ?
EIP-3074 Community call announcement
Transfer time from Coinbase Pro to Trezor?
Introducing Satellite: The social network we've been waiting for. "A universal social network, owned by everyone". Thrilling interview with Satellite creator, Stuart Bowman, about this decentralized platform built on the ethereum blockchain. Watch it now on Satellite.
Just got off the Coinbase staking waitlist. Some questions
Will ethereum go up or down after EIP? Looking to buy
ETH staking versus lending
Team Red Miner "ERROR gfx1010:xnack". Help?
Personal loan to buy ETH before EIP-1559 hits?
Gas Limit Increase
The ENS of [non-Ethereum chain] is ENS, here's why
Team Red Miner ERROR. Help?
Transaction logged twice - Nonce question
Team Red Miner GFX1010:xnack Error
Transfer time for Coinbase Pro to Trezor
The Reality of ‘Rayonism,’ a New Plan to Merge Ethereum and Eth 2.0
Very important DD. See you guys in the moon
Very important DD. See you guys on the moon
AYUDA!!!!!!
Farming ETH/BETH?
"We are choosing a NEW EXCHANGE!" (OFFICIAL - GO LIKE AND RT!!)
this should have happened to eth yesterday
Check out the interview with Charles Hoskinson!
New ERC20 minted #NFT dropped ! "Her Inner Soul Defines Her
Trade or copy trade?
I’ve got a question about crypto, could anyone help me?
Cheap mining rig
Need Some Guidance
Too late to switch careers to becoming a dev?
If "gas" prices are so high, how will ETH gain traction with every-day "common" people? and other newb questions
Too late to change fields to dev?
Exchange Fraud in Turkey
A pleasant surprise
DigiMax Global (OTC: DBKSF, CNSX: DIGI) — www.CryptoDivine.ai SaaS Platform Taking The Next Step
70% PREMINE? WHAT?!
Must get The ETHs... not Directly ETH related... yet... More to Come.
[Messari Report] ETH 2.0: The Next Evolution of the Cryptoeconomy - An in-depth look at Ethereum’s most critical network upgrade to date
Thoughts on the new Ethereum ETFs that launched on the Canadian stock exchange on 4/20?
New to ETH, just some basic ?s
What am I missing?
WeWork starts utilizing cryptocurrency as form of payment
Have you heard about the new digital currency developed by Stanford PhDs?
Should I/How can I accept ETH for my business?
Why Should I Invest in ETH?
does bep20 etherreum have gas fees?
Enterprise Blockchain Protocols Evolution Index 2021 by Chainstack
Need a full list of all verified smart contracts on BSC from 2020/1/1. Would compensate for the effort!
Staking ETH on Ledger
To late to buy Mining rig?
ETH/CTX incentivized pool is now live
Keep bETH outside of Binance and still receive rewards?
Picked up $10k ETH today. Anyone else get any?
Any key pointers for a new buyer?
Meme ERC-20 Token
My friend sent me ethereum from his hardware wallet. He selected normal for the fees and it’s stuck in Pending status. Did some Google fu and learned about gas. Is it possible to increase the fees for the transaction while it’s Unconfirmed/Pending?
Ethereum Will be Bigger than Bitcoin
Sent wrong crypto currency to ETH wallet
Baby Yoda is helping us get there guys
MINING ERROR
A la Luna podcast Ep. 1: Entrevista con Juan Rodríguez de Papa Bitcoin y Criptos
DeFi eating TradFi: Ethereum is about to overtake PayPal and Bank of America by market cap
Did not have funds during the dip, should i buy now?
Why we MUST inflate eth!
Experiencing huge Gas Fees ? 🔥 Shift to Layer 2 Dex Dfyn powered by Polygon and trade RAZOR with '0' gas cost! 💧 Also, farm 11 tokens at Galaxyfarm2 Cohort by providing liquidity on Dfyn Network
Curious on what is the good news that move ETH up a lot today?
More cryptomyths are coming! Help me and I'll draw her story!
Transaction fees
Hopped on the ETH rocket
STC - Last Round Ending - 90% completed - Next hours is the last chance to join! Get 5% bonus
Gas fees for transferring?
High ETH transfer costs
Ethport: Loopring's solution to solve composability between L1/L2/CEX while greatly reducing L1 fees.
Which is better, Metamask or Exodus?
How to buy ethereum for $10
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
Stake your ETH on $ANKR and buy a bag of it on Coinbase, recent and cheapest listing on the app! Great potential
Need help with mining.
What a great sight
Possible stupid question about hardware wallets...
Stake your ETH with $ANKR and make passive income - $ANKR is a crypto project with a lot of potential, if you’re into ETH then you should definitely get a big bag (only .15 right now and cheapest coin on Coinbase)
These gas prices are out of control
ETH Mining using Asus Zephyrus G14 Max-Q
$RAZOR Network about to FLY 🚀
Detecting malicious accounts showing adversarial behaviour in permissionless blockchains.
The great flippening
Ethereum is unusable, fees are too high.
New space mmo on ETH
BTC, ETH, XRP, BNB, EOS, BAT – Technical Analysis For April 21
How many ETH addresses are actually used?
It's Earth Day. How Can Ethereum Achieve Carbon Neutrality in the Future?
What happened to the token I tried to swap? (Uniswap)
Rinkeby testnet ether
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Is the Ethereum protocol exhibiting predatory behavior? A Wednesday morning hype thread.
Where do gas and fee go?
Truly decentralized?
Transaction finality
i’m 19 with 32 should i drop out of college now or next year 🤣
CargoX - HUGE - REALUSECASE - based on ETHERERUM - CARGOX
ETH/BTC Breakout Is On
InsurAce (DeFi Insurance Protocol) Announces Mainnet Launch - Staking will go live!
Eth miner for your phone
Adaptive Decentralisation - A new Concept to Power The Blockchain Space (An Essay)
Help please, can someone explain my problem(coinbase to binance)
Interlude: introducing game protocols
WEB3.0 and the role of Permission network
Earn Bitcoin, Dice, Plinko,Crash and More game
19 years old with $2K to invest into ETH but I know NOTHING. where do I start?
What exactly is Ethereum? (Guide)
Controversial thoughts about Ethereum and other cryptocurrency
ElonGate to the Mooooon!!!!
Thanks everyone for contributing, in any way.
I’m a 19 year old who knows nothing about ETH but wants to invest $2k into it, where do I start?
ETH 2.0 Staking still possible?
Still 0.1 ETH for grabs for Fermats last theorem counterexample
What are the recommended gas settings if time is not an issue?
Purchased my first Ethereum. It’s been my goal for more than 6 months now as it’s every expensive to buy one whole coin in my local fiat. I know it’s a little late but i’m still excited about the future of Eth. I’m glad to be part of this community starting today!
Sweet
Bill gates talking about Bitcoin
MEW Exit Scam?
Can Blockchain Save Humanity? The Rise of Charity Tokens - Meet Munch Token &amp; SpacePenguin
Cash and carry ETH in US
🤖 99 NFT Robots or how to get free Tesla supporting NFT-movement
I want to share my ETH story with the people who haven't given up like I did
Just want to share my Ethereum story with the people
Thank you Eth community!!!
How do I get Ethereum capabilities in my iOS app?
high gas fees can't cashout remaining amount in wallet
Low hashrate Daggerhashimoto
how people are pricing their art work?
What is the difference between transaction and transfer fees?
TokenValuation Series: Part One
MEW wallet keeps crashing on every device.
A quick microeconomic look at Ethereum blockspace
Hi Everyone, I’ve started a petition to get Ethereum to $3000. Sign it!
Ethereum: A Store of Value with Cash Flow
Kyber Network Crystal (KNC) Token Upgrade &amp; Migration Guide
Sneaky Crypto Malware, I lost $500 worth of Crypto, while some have lost more than $100,000 [Gif]
I creaded a Stablecoin Dasboard that lets you compare the largest Ethereum-badsed Stablecoin
Upland ***
Inland App Store
Staking
Realistically how low can gas fees get in the future after eth 2, sharding
USDT stuck qt trust wallet.
Bitwat Mining Scam Alert!
Why haven't fees go down after Berlin upgrade?
Wallet recommendation? Or calm TF down?
Merchant Token $MTO ICO - The most complete review
I’m 19 and I want to invest into ETH. I know nothing so where do I start?
END DAY  
Question about ethereum transaction
The DeFi liquidation game
Data shows institutional demand for Ethereum surged despite the recent crash
Seriously can't believe how slow implementation is taking to lower gas fees. It's disgusting and disgraceful.
Alt Season is on its way! 🚀🚀🚀
Hi guys before banning me I just want to say
Question - best Uk exchange to buy ETH with low fees to send to my Trezor? Thank you for help
The layer2.finance v0.1 Mainnet Launches: Democratize DeFi, Simple and Zero Fees
Question - where is the best place to buy ETH in the Uk with lowest fees to send to my Trezor?
What's the point of smart contracts...
eth. not even once
The raison 🤔
Buying eth
Do you believe the high transaction fees could hurt Ethereum's potential?
Should I keep my ETH in Binance or send it to a wallet like trust wallet I’m not trading just holding
Hashink, Autographs on NFT (Hackathon winner)
Why is it crashing?
Price impact too high after adding 1 ETH of liquidity
Manipulation at its finest
How long will this take ?
Sold my DOGE gains today and decided to buy back into ethereum like a smart investor. Wish I would have waited another day...
What is going on with Webull??
In the last month, users spent $23,830,482 on ERC-20 approvals. EIP-3074 would reduce that number by at least 30%, saving users millions while freeing up block space (thread).
EIP 1559 - What does it mean to be a deflationary currency and why will EIP 1559 burn ETH?
How to use ethereum
NEWB HERE: Do wallets charge for sending crypto to another wallet?
LOL! Can you actually pay 69 gwei and get your transaction processed? What's the minimum then?
Ethereum - the emerald isle in a sea of red
New to investing and thinking about buying Ethereum.
Raspberry Pi 4 Ether Node
CRASH
ADVICE: Transferring ETH from Coinbase to Rocket Pool
A couple of days later, ETH Printed new All-time highs.
Eth noob wants to understand staking.
Not polished yet, but I made this today. I can't afford to buy the real thing right now, so I made myself one to remind myself to keep going. I believe in this technology.
stop selling the fuel blivits!
Figuring out where I sent my Ethereum
Trouble withdrawing from DeFi App using Ledger
Are You An Ethereum Girl?
The United States' biggest crypto exchange would have made more money by simply buying and holding #Bitcoin (BTC) in 2013.
Should I buy Etherium?
VRA
ETH baby
Are You An Ethereum Girl?
Ethereum Girl Dance Video
Ethereum will eat Bitcoin?
Fail with error 'ERC20: transfer amount exceeds allowance'
What happens to ERC-721 (NFT) Tokens if there were a chain fork?
TechRadar advertising crypto miner scam BitWats
$XCEL
(SHIBA INU) WOAH! WHERES MY MONEY ON COINBASE WALLET?
Can someone please explain why almost all crypto coins move in similar ups and downs together at the same time if they are different block chains? Makes no sense that independent block chains go up and down together with such high correlation..
Ethereum 2.0 Deposit Contract hit $10 Billion in value today!
Is proof of stake sustainable ?
I now have a little over 3 1/2 Ethereum Coins.
RocketPool Community Resources
What are the target gas fees for ETH 2.0 and beyond?
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
Don't miss your opportunity!
I’m New Here
How to compute the smart contracts?
in pos, can you lose coins without running a modified/malicious client?
Secure place to store?
Huobi Subsidiary Launches Bitcoin (BTC) and Ether (ETH) Funds for Institutional Investors
2 week predictions?
Merchant Token - DeFi Payment Protocol that enables POS terminals on blockchains and brings consumer protection to crypto payments
Merchant Token - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021 - DeFi Payment Protocol that enables POS terminals on blockchains and brings consumer protection to crypto payments
Im new to crypto and have some questions.
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
I just bought some ETH as my first ever cryptocurrency...
So I just bought my first batch of ethereum worth 600$. Gonna add as much as possible in the future and I am currently 18. Hopes are high!!!
What's the Rush for 2.0? BTC isn't rushing POS.
I just bought enough to have one full Ethereum!
April 22 rally and drop
My reaction to the last 5 hours
DROP EVERYTHING YOU DONT NEED IN THIS TRASH WALLET
Drop whatever you want in this wallet (will make an update every day)
A friend of mine thinks XRP can rival ETH. I can’t understand why...
ethertic.io - Playable Game Cartridge NFTs for the TIC-80 fantasy console
EtherTIC.io - Playable Game Cartridge NFTs for the TIC-80 fantasy console
How safe is it to stake ETH on Rocket Pool?
Whats the endgame
Today $ETH reached past $2,600.00++ 🚀... Looking forward to $5,000.00++ 🚀 🚀
DOT and reef are listed on AAX exchange now and this campaign looks pretty cool, they’re killing it this month
Ethereum and Solidity Developer Bootcamp
Dentacoin new app to earn erc20 token (DCN)
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Time Machine' before its swooped up!
Ethereum 2k
ETH mining is really profitable these days. I made a movie about how much you can win in one day
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
How I can open my wallet, I have my Wallet ID and password.
How to send ETH from Binance to Trust?
Huge Increase in Shareholder Value!!
Proof that not even people with titles will always be correct.
Failed transaction while buying ether ... help
Seed phrase butt tattoo for my ETH. Thoughts?
Loopring releases Ethport: move Ethereum assets between L2-L1-CEXs super fast &amp; cheaply
What are your ETH price projections after the London hard fork in July?
Why does this happen sometimes? Rtx 2060 super
Why does this happen sometimes? Rtx 2060 super
A Mild Pithy Style of Art
Can Decentralized Autonomous Organizations be used to supplant traditional labor unions?
Ethereum Billboard
A rare item; must collect🔥
Value of cryptocurrency and future use. How do you understand current valuations of the crypto market? I feel like this is another wave which will prevent widespread crypto adoption.
How to pay minimal fees using Binance and Ledger Nano S for ETH?
Question
Anyone know Vialiks view on Solana?
Me throwing all of my money into Ethereum hoping for it to get to 10k
The 4chan mETH heads call Vitalik money skelly
♠️Cryptocurrency🤑Poker♠️
AleppoKetamine celebrates ATH with this set
Deal deal
Just bought first eth!
!!❤️
Why not allow ETH fees work more like a free market?
My first NFT , i’m italian artist doichdogma link in the comments
Real world ETH applications
Kris Kaczor 🦆 on Twitter
Just staked .5 of ETH for ETH 2
ZKSwap Publishes the Community Governance Policy with gZKS and Governance Procedures
If I make a token, how is the value of that token decided?
Thinking of buying my first Eth
Overview of EIP-3403 by Vitalik Buterin &amp; Martin Swende
Ethereum ETF
I’m confused what’s going to happen may 5th??
hello every body How to Disconnect my account MetaMask from web3.js
Do you have to pay gas fees when you sell ETH?
Join me on NDAX to start trading BTC, ETH, LTC, LINK, USDT, XRP, EOS, DOGE, ADA, and XLM on Canada's most secure exchange with 0 deposit fees and 0.2% trading fees. --Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
Are you making these 7 mistakes when trading?
Smaller NFT issuer Doublejump discards Ethereum for Flow over "scalability" issues...?
Ethereum rose by 10% | CoinTechn
Staking in New York State
Etherieum address without the wallet.
ETH is going to do really really well. I know that because even I decided to get in on it. You can thank doge for being my gateway drug.
I don't have ETH to cover gas fees. How can I cancel my transaction?
Noob question about gas prices
Envisioning a future where the lines between reality and imagination blur and dissolve similar to 'Ready Player One' is closer than you think...
Does anyone know who/what this key is associated with?
Sweet
Wallet security is getting a big upgrade: multisig when you want. Not when you don't.
Auto bot battle on dogecoin his to win
is it worth buying a small amount of ethereum
Upcoming Ethereum Hard Fork May 1st, 2021?
Certified Ethereum Professional (CEP) - Now Available from C4!
What's your reason for investing the most into Ethereum over any other of the top 100 cryptos? Do the benefits outweigh the negatives (I.e. Crazy gas fees)?
Feeling really damn good today
Coinbase is a rip off
Buy today or wait for the weekend?
First time transferring eth from crypto.com to trust wallet. I have a question.
Compromised Key while locked in Stake
I still have some Ethereum-based first blood coins/tokens that I didn't sell when I liquidated everything after the the recession hit.
Bessemer Trust: Bitcoin ‘Remains Highly Energy-Inefficient, Ethereum More Efficient’
Ethereum hits $2.6K all-time high as Bitcoin market dominance falls below 50%
Trust Wallet Phishing scheme
Learning to hodl after many attempts and failures, selling off because I needed cash, or because of dips. Got like 75$ in profit so far, looking good. Thankyou eth. The gas fees are way too high for me to invest in any of the things on argent, any ideas of what else I can do with my eth to grow?
What will happen when Ethereum becomes the coin with the biggest market cap?
This dApp casino is giving away $4K in $USDT to its top 50 bettors. Simply wager as you would (has very low minimum wager requirements) on any of the top 5 games (it offers BlackJack, dice, crash, baccarat and HiLo). It also has a massive big jackpot of over $300K and is fully decentralized.
Afraid to ask... what’s the issue with buying crypto on robinhood?
Significant number of ETH on Binance, feeling anxious
How is making a token inflationary a good thing?
Thinking about buying ETH
Is Ethereum the Platform of the Future?
Watch out of gas fees come down! I see ETH as one of the safest investments in crypto...thoughts?
Recently got into crypto, currently up on my initial investment by a fair amount, should I sell?
I finally bought the dip!
Ethereum founder talking about his BLOCKCHAIN journey
JPMorgan begins hunting for skilled Ethereum developers
Venmo releases cryptocurrency trading on the platform - Digest Time
Can Sleepminting Ruin NFT Provenance?
If i stake my ETH will i be able to withdraw it ever?
Over $10 billion securing the network! Just the beginning IMO
ETH and select large-caps outperform BTC, wider cryptocurrency market
As a lover and firm believer in the future of ethereum, is staking some of my ETH a good idea?
How can I swap ERC20 tokens for ETH?
SoFi user experience story. Not good.
LogicBomb Streetwear accepts Now ETHEREUM as a payment method🚀❤️🌙
Elongate - next big crypto runner
BTC dominance below 50%, ETH dominance at 14.37%
$300 fee to convert $500 eth to CHZ is this normal it seems insanely high?
Seen on Facebook...
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
🔥🔥🔥 Today's Legit List 🔥🔥🔥
ETH IS LEADING THE WAY!
I live in NY
Knowledge monetization portal on blockchain, coming soon!
Live updates 🚜 with us everyday
[legit check] Ethereum GeneSys Maple Fork?
The vision. The new internet. A new conversation. Human Consensus. Lifetime of a Variable. (Using Ethereum, ark brings generalized human to human consensus)
is it stupid to wait?
Understanding how to launch a token
GaryVee behind the race?
is it stupid to wait?
A Beginners Guide to Uniswap and Decentralized Exchanges
Staking noob needing advice...
DeFi and picking up coding as a hobby
What's the difference between Node.js and Solidity?
Is it too late to buy etheream now?
Thinking about buying Ethereum
First time buyer
First time buyer
NOOB QUESTION - HELP: Withdrawing ETH from Kraken to Binance - how high will the gas fee be?
Buying ETH with BTC a Taxable Event?
How to send from MyCrypto
This Project has come to a successful journey.
The best project ever.
ETHEREUM BIGGEST HIGH IN 2 years
What makes Ethereum better than Bitcoin?
Wait for a dip or go for it
ETH Haters right now...
New ERC-20 Token $PISS PISSCOIN now available for trade (Approved on Etherscan)
BTC, ETH, XRP, SXP, ZEC, UNI, LINK – Technical Analysis For April 22
Whats gon be your target for this bullrun
💥 Brace yourself, Razor Meme Contest is here 💥 It could not get easier! 10 days, 10 winners, $1000 Reward 🎈Check out our official telegram announcement channel for instructions 🥳
Creating own tokens
Why was there a drop in Ethereum nodes starting at 9th March?
Ethereum Is About To MELT Brains - Daily Cryptocurrency News LIVE: Bitcoin, Ethereum, &amp; Much More!
Switcheo TradeHub is a L2 DEX buit with Cosmos SDK. Mainnet live with soft launched futures. Stakers receive 37% apy!
What's your take on sleepminting? (the ERC721 "hack")
LawtechUK Launches Crypto and Smart Contract Dispute Resolution Rules
Question
Ethereum - Tree of Trust
Ether ETF Now Live, Gemini Founder Congratulates Asset Managers - CoinQuora
Accepting ETH!
US house passes bill to require financial regulators to set up digital assets working group
Help with staking ethereum
How can he check the amount of sending price of token without having it ? Can I estimate it?
I am Doug Polk Crypto an ICO Reviewer and Cryptocurrency analyst and supporter.
Good time for Eth
Hello. I have some 1st first blood coins/tokens in one of my wallets from awhile back. I noticed it hit a high yesterday and I want to sell them. Only I live in US NY, I do have a vpn, but they all seem to want verification. Anyone know a site to exchange to a different crypto without verification
Wallet
/r/ethereum hit 800k subscribers yesterday
Custom Errors in Solidity
Binance Coin Minter - BSC chain
Introducing MetisDao - helping people create their own decentralized business on the blockchain using their layer 2 infrastructure.
Quick question
Cheapest Way to Buy Eth?
How strong is 0xMonero's privacy?
My personal thoughts on new dapp: FARSITE (MoonCryptoPolis), powered on Ethereum 2!!!
Which crowdsourcing dapp is mature enough to be used right now?
Introducing MetisDao - helping people create their own decentralized business on the blockchain using their layer 2 infrastructure.
NFT Affiliate Programs
ENZYM - A Real Life Social Booster
Lol is this a glitch? I even reloaded many times
Ether and Maker explained to a newbie
☀️ just bought my first ETH, super excited 🌟
importing a 24-word seed phrase from electrum to myetherwallet or vice versa ( what would happen?)(hypothetical question)
Don't know how to fund my coinbase account. Can you teach me how?
How do I get the most out of my Ethereum?
Tired of Bitcoin's Fees? Kindly Switch to Nano, and enjoy ZERO fees
$MINI miniswap ethereum erc20 looks ripe for a rip
DoichKill's account
Farsite - DeFi Powered Ethereum 2 Game
SELLING QUESTION
I caught early signs of Ether’s price rallies happening independent of Bitcoin rallies, so I rebalanced 86% of my portfolio into ETH in the last 45 days. I’ll change that in the year never🏆WEB 3.0🏆dApps🏆DEFI🏆Smart Contracts🏆+everything Bitcoin can do. Bitcoin/Ethereum in 2 Simple Daily Charts👇
Ethereum ATH without BTC right now
Bitcoin to sats, do we have an equivalent for Ethereum?
3000$ for next btc pump
Layer 2 vs Sidechain?
When Ethereum becomes Proof of Stake, will transactions fees be near a fifth to a half a penny of a fiat US dollar?
ETH airdrop
Bitcoin Cash has Cash Fusion. Monero has privacy by design. Can Ethereum transactions be private? Is there some smart contract or method for this?
Enough said 💨
OpenZeppelin Contracts has over 10,000 stargazers. ⭐
ETH Price targets
Staking my ethereum
END DAY  
ConsenSys Health
How to reach 30-31 hash rate ( Gigabyte rx 580 8gb )
Scaling Ethereum | Merge Summit recording
Does anyone knows what this means? Even though transaction seems to be a failure, MINTING has been completed on my FOUNDATION dashboard and am able to proceed with LISTING [Link:https://etherscan.io/tx/0x25b5de274b415d0c8aa70d410d06962a4239a18de33debde9ab2a5317e6c44bd]
Cryptocurrency Now Accepted at Healing Hands of Nebraska
Crossposting here because I don’t think anyone in that community can answer me well enough
Another Ethereum ETF is launched in Canada (4th this week)
I dont pay for electric(included in my rent) so advise guys
How is YouTube allowing scammers to advertise?
How times have changed
Help!
I have been staking ETH 2.0 for awhile but I still don't get it .. will it be cheap &amp; worthless like BCH compared to BTC ? Or will it surpass ETH price?
Gas monitoring spots
Can't believe my measley transaction was processed on this block! That just happened!? History #12300000
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
LARPing Ethereum: a Look into NFT Value from Interoperable Utility
Sold my gaming pc and buy 0.5 ETH for long term investment. Hodl till death
Ethereum Regains Bullish Momentum but Struggles to Break the Minor Resistance at $2,300
where is the best place to dollar-cost ETH auto with low fees (us)?
Is there anything similar to SafeMoon on Ethereum?
If a reliable L2 option is available to use, there is really no reason to be complaining about Ethereum's high gas fees - for SO MANY applications, L2 is already here, why not start using it?
Start ming bitcoin
I thought ethereum is censorship resistant. Yet this happened. Care to explain?
Can I use my Trezor Model T for making money staking Ethereum?
One of the biggest Crypto Mining Store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time Only!
ZkRollups centralization
Switching from RH, need advice.
HODL
Morphic Studio - The First Ever NFT Decentralized Art Organisation
Staking on Ledger
I am thinking of buying ETH, I’ve never bought it before, what are the pros and what is to look forward to when owning ETH?
ERC721 is insecure: Art NFTs can't be trusted. One of Beeple's $69 million Everydays was unwillingly transferred in a contract exploit.
Hey fellas, have u heard about FIO Protocol?
Canada’s 4th Ether ETF, From 3iQ and CoinShares, Begins Trading on the TSX
transaction taking forever HELP
Stone age network
Bought 12 ETH
Transfer etherium into Ledger nano x
Stars &amp; Sponsors NFT Card Game
Hello everyone, I want to share something really nice. This is CryptoTab Browser. I use it a lot and it can bring you additional profit. You need to try it! Install the browser and start earning Bitcoins by just browsing the web.
5-5-21
Could new laws &amp; current laws in general, be made into NFTs?
The best books to learn about Ethereum in 2021
EthereumUK
A primer on high Ethereum gas prices, incoming network improvements, and how to manage your transactions right now
So I sent USDT from MetaMask to Coinbase but the damn thing is not going through??? Coinbase notified me that I received it but I don’t see it in my balance ??
Can someone explain what Ethereum Classic is? Sorry, I’m new at this...
Emptied my BTC into ETH to save the bees
Where can you look
One of the biggest Crypto Mining Store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
What sets ETH apart?
Proteth
Get $80 in bitcoin with Celsius savings account (EVEN UP TO $580), $30 with CAKE DeFi, $142 ($32 easy, literally 2 minutes) with Coinbase Earn, $10 in bitcoin with BlockFi savings account, $1 - $100 with SwissBorg, $10 with Gemini, $10 with OkCoin!
Jason wallet format
This Is The Reason Bitcoin Is Dumping - The FUD
Certified Ethereum Professional (CEP)
👩‍💻 Workshop Recap: Setting Up Access Control for Smart Contracts; Led by Fran Giordano - Software Engineer at OpenZeppelin. Watch the video recording; Try out AccessControl using the Contracts Wizard.
Great Twitter Thread About ETH2 and The Merge
Noob Q
Ethereum 2.0’s Success Is Ethereum Classic’s Success
Can someone double-check my understanding of proof-of-stake? I'm curious as to what happens if I own 51% or more of the current Ethereum in circulation.
Hashmelody: Really cool NFT Project
This has already started happening but will really start to ramp up in 2021 🚀
Morphic Studio - The First Ever NFT Decentralized Art Organisation
ETH looking for knowledge
What is the lowest cost bridge out there to move coins from ETH mainnet to a Level 2 with ultra low fees?
How to change seed phrase for wallet without transferring coins out of it (gas prohibitive to move them)?
"Uniswap" and "Chainlink" have yet to appear in any major financial publications
Ethereum Swag?
MTO - Megapost - Complete review of the most commented ICO on Reddit
MTO - Megapost - Complete review of the most commented ICO on Reddit
Information on Ethereum
Cryptocurrency mining equipment shop and more! Spring Sale - 15% Reduced prices
Beacon chain uptime has been amazing lately; we even hit 99.8% for some blocks
Garyvee 5-5
Is there a crypto bible?
Any suggestions on how to allow marketplace users send &amp; receive ETH for goods?
Ethereum Dip
Opinions on exodus wallet?
What is the Most Important or Exciting EIP that You Think Would Help Ethereum the Most??
Paradigm On Staking Pools and Staking Derivatives
got 200$ and buy ETH.
Mining Fee
Is that the official coin of Elon Musk ???
ETH gas
Transaction "dropped" on Etherscan
Is there PDF version of "Mastering Ethereum" book?
I purchased 14 Ethereum and I don’t know what I’m doing.
Price prediction for the summer ? End of year?
Cryptocurrency mining equipment shop and more! Spring Sale - 15% Reduced prices
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
Mira Christanto on Twitter
I just bought $1000 worth of ethereum, so when should I expect to be able to cash in the millions?
New to ETH and looking to get in, wondering what it’s support levels are around?
Up for Grabs 🚀
Need help with Ethereum Wallet.
Bought &amp; Mining ETH
Bought &amp; Mining ETH Questions
NEW NFT GAME THAT CAN EARN ETHERUEM
The ETH opportunities almost seem too good to be true. But maybe it's just that obvious?
NEW NFT GAME THAT YOU CAN EARN ETHEREUM
Just hit my 2nd ETH!!
Robin Hood is selling it for 34$ I paid 30.79 on CoinBase I’ll sell it for $33 lol 😂 go RH users
My Harambe NFT!
Which wallet should ı use for eth
[SG] REAL ESTATE in exchange for DOGE/BTC/ETH !!
Ethereal + time = profit
Why is Classic selling $4 more on Robin Hood? They are doing some funny stuff
Any easy way to pool funds with others easily?
The Merge Summit is LIVE NOW — talks with Vitalik Buterin, Protolambda, Danny Ryan, and more on ETH 1.0 -&gt; ETH 2.0 Merge Roadmap
How can I transfer my eth into mobile wallet
What are the risks in DeFi opportunities?
PEAKDEFI - do you know what does that mean?
Introducing MEGA - Make Ethereum Great Again
ETH x Nvidia x Ubuntu
Finally got some ETH during the dip
Question about Uniswap transaction
Crack this puzzle to win 1 ETH!
🔥Razor Network is thrilled to announce that we have 🤝 joined forces with Litentry to provide verified real-world data for Litentry's Digital Identifier (DID) Aggregator through the Razor Validator Network
I'm sorry Etherium community
Dashboard to Spot the Most Trending Cryptos In Reddit / Twitter
Calculating depreciation for a small time mining operation?
Ethereum's Merge Summit is live
Want decentralized notification. Crazy right? Here is Ethereum Push Notification Service enabling this goal
My first .5 ETH
I just turned 18, my dad is giving me 0.5 ETH. I'm so excited!
NETWORK FEE
Help i just got hacked
BTC vet, ETH noob here, maybe someone here can help me with a technique to sign a message with my keys, to prove ownership of my ETH account
Razor Network Partners with Litentry to Support Multi-chain Decentralized Identity Aggregation
three websites to earn some free crypto
noob question, why is eth transaction fee so high if it is even considered high(on roobet)?
Dogecoin is Destroying the Entire Cryptocurrency Market
I own 1 eth!
Seeking Knowledge
April 2021: Where can I buy ETH with LOWEST fee and in NY State while using a Bank transfer?
Poll: Extend the Price discussion rule to allow mods to delete "I brought/own XX ETH"
#BurstMoney #DeFi #BSC #Binancesmartchain #cyptowallet #YieldFarming #BSCFarming
Gas fees are going down following the gas limit raise despite increased volatility, well done Ethereum! Looking forward for more in the near future when possible, go ETH!
I find it kinda FUNNY 🥂
A Test of zkSync 1.0’s Exodus Mode on Ropsten
Introducing The Daily Gwei
Don't worry everyone, corrections are normal :) Heres' something to get your mind towards the future: Ethereum Blockchain based Betting! (Aggle.io)
How much do you guys believe 0.3 ETH will be worth in a couple years ?
#citizen_finance #blockchain #nft4ART #nft4FPS #bitcoin #nft4XR #crypto #ethereum
New to ether....
Buy and sell in exchange or just convert?
What is either STAKING ? They give you 6% for staking ! Yes or No ?
Gary Vee and his team told me to buy ETH.
New York’s H.C Wainwright to host Cryptocurrency, Blockchain and Fintech Conference!!
Ethereum will overtake Bitcoin
Has anyone seen or created a smart contract method of consolidating 32 ETH with a friend and then depositing onto the beacon launchpad?
Do you guys interested in developing distributed applications on Ethereum as well?
What just happened
Bought the Dip my first ETH
Happened this morning
‘Legends of Crypto’ - NEW Top Trumps Style NFT Collecting Game
Is ETH going any lower?
Crypto Exchange Goes Dark: Near 400,000 Users Fear Possible $2B Fraud
Sold my Doge and bought 1 ETH
chek this out guys my new nft just 200$ but i promis its 1 million Dollor $ worth!
Sorry about the flash crash
https://mintable.app/art/item/Dividing-Universe-Dividing-Universe/P8p_4yevHlRzxrn
https://mintable.app/art/item/Blackhole-Kid-Blackhole-Kid/n0osRm-FiSWkiQh
Buying other coins?
Bitcoin is +70% this year, I am +525% this year
Arteon
Ethereum PoS, why they want few trusted miners than more miners?
NO CRYPTO FOR YOU! - Countries Who have Banned Cryptocurrencies, Here’s Why
Could Ethereum overtake Bitcoin as the world’s leading cryptocurrency?
ETH DROP!
Holochain
"MetaMask and Infura are unavailable in certain jurisdictions due to compliance with laws." Are there any good metamask alternatives?
Blockchain protect personal privacy
Estimated Cost of Transactions
Much Needed Mindfulness During This Dip
Top Dapps by 7d Volume: 3 Ethereum projects
// Giveaway // - Evolution of AI NFT Drop by SideShift
Is there any way I can support ethereum that isn't mining or buying it?
How to get insane in 1 minute
Ethereum Technical Analysis for April 23, 2021 - ETH
Ethereum 2.0 and mining
Possibly new market for NFTs and for artists in general?New option for artist to sell their games? Selling whole games as NFTs?
Almost at 1 ETH!
Is this the right time to buy Ethereum or should I wait for some more time?
Can Sleepminting Ruin NFT Provenance?
2017 Market is not comparable to 2021 Market
Transaction status
BscScan has record, Etherscan.io does not. Anyone know why?
Safe way to earn interest on my Eth
Hold tight everyone
Take advantage of the discount!
Help Please, anyone else have ETH vanish on transfer?
Question regarding how PoS algorithm select a new validator? (Problem: rich getting richer?)
New to crypto Can anyone explain
Top30 Gambling Dapps Eco by 30d Volume 🥇 Ethereum $286.55M, top2: dice2win $264.50M Decentral Games (Ethereum) $21.85M 🥈 Matic Network $25.92M 🥉 TRON $21.50M 🔥 Block.one, Thundercore TT, Binance Smart Chain, ICON, WAX.io
🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
Is it possible to speed up my friend's transaction?
ETH holding stronger than most
Ethereum (ETH) Price Analysis: Ether Retraces But Stuck Below $2.360 Resistance
Spent $1,000 on ETC
DAOs Are The Next Best Thing
On the high GAS fees
Writing, Compiling, Deploying Solidity 2021.
Solidity Tutorials – Coinmonks – Medium
Update on P2P-DeFi Platform
Solidity-IDE: looking for maintainers
Just purchased by first ETH, 0.05263157 !!! Hope it pays well
Most user-experience friendly way to store and use crypto?
Inspiration coins held
Just bought my first .4 ETH!
Have a few very simple noob questions regarding ETH and upcoming forks that I'm having a lot of trouble finding the answer to so hope someone can help me out.
Is This The Perfect Moment To Buy Ethereum? Top Analyst Weighs in
Why can't Canadians stake ETH2?
Everyone has heard this SOB story a hundred times...
Are gas fees high because miners are utilising Flashbots to take advantage of MEV by exploiting Mempool sequences? THE AMOUNT OF FLASHBOTS ON ETHEREUM IS BECOMING MAINSTREAM?
Why does crypto keep massively fluctuating right now?
Ethereum ETFs Get Off to $138 Million Start So Far
What is May 5th Garyvee is talking about? Anyone know or have thoughts? He is saying he is gonna give something to the community...?
Help a Crypto Noob here with the basics and differences between Bitcoin and Ethereum
Crypto noob here. Help educate on Ethereum vs Bitcoin
what alternatives are there to ethminer?
Charting app for iPhone
The DeFi liquidation game. Article by Gerhard Wagner analyzing the evolution of MEV extraction on Ethereum
END DAY  
What yield pool should I join?
What yield pool should I join?
Why are ETH gas fees so low? &lt;3
[SUMMARY] The current state and roadmap for scaling, sharding and the merge. - 5 minute read to get you up to speed.
[SUMMARY] The current state and roadmap for scaling, sharding and the merge. - Excellent 5 minute read to get you up top speed.
Why have ETH fees been so low yesterday and today? 0.0
Deflationary Space Penguin Mafia
“Monkey see Monkey do is Why Paypal Is Entering Crypto And It Is Awesome” – Bryan Legend
Where can I buy 15k eth
Sold all my Doge, invest in Ethereum? Is now the right time?
Why do the cardano folks seem to spew hate towards ethereum? Reading the posts over there you get the feeling that they believe they are gods gift to crypto and ether is dog crap.
Should I Invest Now or Will it Drop Again like in 2018?
Difficulty bomb and POS
Why Ethereum? Some thoughts on the value, potential and end goals of smart contract enabled blockchains
$PUDGY 🐕‍🦺, the next DOGE killer, fair presale launches Sunday 14:00 GMT
Help with MAINNET. Why is foundation telling me this?
PLEASE HELP WITH MAINNET
Do ETFs take liquidity out of the cryptocurrencies? If so are ETFs a negative?
Do ETFs take liquidity out of the cryptocurrencies? If so are ETFs a negative?
Why should I put buy eth over btc?
Lets get 200 dollars
Ethereum's own Luchador! Rey Etherios!
I call him...Rey Etherios! Ethereum's own Luchador!
I call him Rey Etherios - Ethereum's own Luchador!
I call him....Rey Etherios - Ethereum's own Luchador!
Reserve bank of Australia to utilize Ethereum for CBDC
RBA to finish wholesale digital currency research project "very soon" - Finance - Strategy
Trying to find the ETH transaction/sec roadmap
Ethereum Realized Market Cap
Ethereum Realized Market Cap
When you buy a ethereum Coin, what arr you actually buying into.
Ethereum Realized Market Cap
Is ETH always this volatile? I bought for the first time at the ATH
Are there symbiotic ETH chains?
To stake or not to stake?
How would you invest some couple of thousand USD in ETH?
Here are the Three Best DeFi Platforms in Ethereum | CoinTechn
Seen in Davenport, California.
Metamask question
Trade ETH and other tokens at 0 gas fees and near instant transfers
Business model for collateralizing dept via digital assets from games and service providers (tradable skins/hats/premium services. etc.)
Gas price is cheap now, can it stay this way? I am not a miner so I am not complaining:-)
NFT drop calendar and guides
The power of Ethereum is in its DApps, DO NOT use robinhood or any other exchange to hold ETH as you're missing out on on the entire point of crypto - freedom to do with your money as you please.
Can't exchange shitcoin to ETH (shitcoin amount stays the same and ETH balance gets lower after "success" notification on uniswap
Viewing erc20 redistribution transactions
pity party for me transferring .43 ETH to an address that I wrote down the WRONG key to.
Best ETH TA videos ???
Monero XMR vs Bitcoin BTC
5k Rly easy on 2021
CryptoDivine.ai is a crypto Predictive Trend Indicator - A simple tool that assists crypto enthusiasts in making buy &amp; sell decisions for BTC &amp; ETH
Portfolio of ETH &amp; BTC Analysis
Creating and gifting a wallet
Accidentally did a double purchase of Ethereum some hours ago, that mistake did me a favour.
Why is Bitcoin skyrocketing?
Freeliquid - a DeFi lending platform on the ERC-20 chain that allows you to increase your stable coin LP's and is anti-rug pull given that it is a fork of MakerDAO (but with slight improvements)
LAYER2.FINANCE is a Non-Custodial Optimism Rollup and it allows to switch between Compound, AAVE and CurveFinance with almost ZERO GAS fees
Lets get 200 dollars!!
SOL: Anyone else watching?
Ethermine Adds Front-Running Software
Strong Partner$hips🤝 Check this out 💥
Help with power supply for mining rig
Regarding the recent beacon chain incident
How does Polygon tokenomics work?
Eth bot on telegram?!
made this pixel ETH and ETH2.0
Ask me how
Ethereum ETH HODL on we're going to the moon
Please review your experience using 1inch or Balancer to earn interest.
Evolved Fight.
Status buy 🐳🐋
Buy Ethereum in unison
This is Ethereum network babe!
Why PoolTogether will be one of the biggest DeFI projects
Eth2 is neutral infrastructure for our financial future
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
Why aren't there any platforms that enable to create DAOs?
Question re integrating eth wallets on a website
Lets get 200 dollars!!
Some less-appreciated benefits of Ethereum's PoS
Staking - is it worth it?
Go Go get lots of coins
London Hard Fork in July. How’s the Josh in Ethereum Users?
Razor Network Partners with Litentry to Support Multi-chain Decentralized Identity Aggregation
Go Go get lots of coins
Sub-units
Nothing but the largest Tokens plotted over time within one single, customizable graph. There you go!
I wish I bought more Ethereum at the dip rather than £15 worth!
The second largest USDT deposit on exchanges happened yesterday. $2.37 Billion USDT were deposited on exchanges. The largest deposit was on 3 February 2021 right before the announcement of the Tesla BTC purchase. Maybe another big player is entering the market.
Influence introduces SWAY, an in-game currency and governance token.
Stake ETH on Binance ?
1 ETH Giveaway!
1 ETH Crypto Giveaway! Rules below!
Let's talk about NFT
What's with all these YouTube ad scams? You would think youtube checks their ads.
Coinbase ETH 2.O Staking waitlist
Coinbase eth 2.0 staking waitlist Question
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
INVERTED GATEKEEPER
Can you generate a wallet by writing down valid private keys or a seed phrase?
One of the biggest Crypto Mining Store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
Some of my artworks minted NFT, comment for links &lt;3
NFTs - from wild west to intelligent appraisal
İ need Help Please
New art piece "sympathy"
Does anyone else think wallets are still very confusing?
Moonswap - No-Gas-Fee Ethereum Layer2 DEX - volume surpasses $5 million
Ethereum Realized Cap
NTFs - from wild west to intelligent appraisal
EPNS and defi notifications services
I bought some $Safemoon on novoswap.com, it’s 100x faster than pancakeswap. You can also swap over 130+ coins directly to $safemoon. Let go to the moon. Pump it.
Is now a good time to throw some money into Ethereum?
If you could recommend ONE Ethereum book...
FIO PROTOCOL. A single identifier that allows you to forget about public addresses in the blockchain once and for all. Did you know about this?
BEAROMICS?? Explaination Please
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Very Limited Time! Only 1 Left
Join the Cryptology Discord Server!
New to etherium
BOUGT MY FIRST ETH AND I'M KIND OF WORRIED
NOT A CRAZY BUILD BUT IT WORKS 😉
How to pay transaction fee for another addresss?
is gas price related to bitcoin ?
MY FIRST 1.00000069 ETH
I just turned 18 USD into 1369 USD in 2 months (76X)
Advice on where to purchase Ethereum. So far I’ve used Coinbase and Robinhood? Any recommendations on a better method? Did I fuck up by using Robinhood?
Will NFTs be Used Outside of Digital Art?
Register multiple *.eth domains in the same "transaction"
According To ETH Developer Tim Beiko London Aim For A Mid-July Mainnet Deployment Of 1559, 3198, 3238 And The To-Be-Created Refund EIP
Consider me as a Whale. I'm bathing in my profits and ready to dump any moment now.
What is the difference between Cordano Vs Ethereum NFTs and in general?
Where can i buy games with ethereum?
I paid $10 in gas fees and in return I got this screenshot.
EIP-1559: Why not introduce a MIN_BASEFEE? Right now it can go down to ~zero, but IMO blockspace is too valuable to ever allow anybody to store his coffee purchase on the blockchain.
Dawn Partners with MakerDAO to Offer Crypto-Based Esports Tournaments on FirstBlood - 10,000 DAI events w/ free entry!
Long time no see🤩
💥Create a Meme on the RAZOR theme 💥Post it from your twitter handle 💥Tag @razor_network and use RazorMemeWars hashtag 💥Tag 2 friends Follow @razor_network Twitter Page
According to Chainstack Report: Ethereum based protocols are one of the clear leaders in the enterprise blockchain space
I am potDEALer. Wood Fired Yunomi #1 is the first of it's kind. It is the first pottery NFT that represents the physical work itself. If you buy the NFT you also get the pot. This is among the nicest pots I've made.🔥🌲✨Psst...wanna buy a nice pot.
Notes worth reading:
I own the domain to etheretf.ca
Weekly Crypto Update: Week of April 19th
Ethereum is All You Need
Do NOT use Kryptex software. It is malicious software. You will need to wipe your PC if you do.
Transaction pending for more than an hour
Notes on ETHGlobal's Merge Summit
Can I enquire how can I stake Ethereum tokens and the APR ?
Notes on ETHglobals merge summit..
The Ethereum 10K
Ethereum is Revolutionary, Treat it as Such.
The Ethereum 10K
Did an Ethereum artwork today
Ethereum is Revolutionary, Treat it as Such.
Ethereum is revolutionary, treat your balance as such.
Notes on ETHGlobal's Merge Summit
Just starting and would like some advice
Decentralized Finance: On Blockchain- and Smart Contract-Based Financial Markets | St. Louis Fed
Ethereum is revolutionary, treat your balance as such.
What’s up with ethereum? Is it too late ?
Meet Simple Ethereum calculator | fomplo ✅
Staking
Meet Simple Ethereum calculator | fomplo ✅
Aren't we ready to have a functioning Decentralized DNS on Ethereum?
zkCheckout — simple permissionless DeFi payment gateway | Mainnet
Dropped my 2nd NFT "YEAR 2163" on foundation. Little story behind it on the profile. Link in comments.
https://checkout.zksync.io/
Just putting this here🙂
TXNs which are no longer valid
Block 12345678 in less than a Week
OG George Washington NFT
there is no shame in asking, isnt it
END DAY  
A question about EIP 1559
How do I send ethereum to other wallet using shakepay? 🇨🇦 based app
Could any Polygon user help me?
Crypto miners are killing free CI
ETH goin up!!!
I’m new to Ethereum! 🙌🏻🚀👸 Hey Guys!
OMG $RAZOR Chart Looking AWESOME 👀👁🔥🚀
Checked my Coinbase Wallet app and there's ETH in there but I've never brought Ethereum before?
Will all dapps need to be rewritten for eth2?
Are we going to be calling it Eth 2.0 forever?
Phoenix Miner compromised?
Join TopCryptoGains
Newbie here. Question: is Eth ever going to be able to NOT follow BTC? I have tried to find an answer that makes sense through google but the answers are unclear...any insight? Basically why invest in one or another if they both go up and down equally?
I’m super excited for this next run
The Silent Howl - kayy
🚀🚀Spades Coin - High Potential !!!! Coinsbit in May !!!! 🚀🚀
Is the price going to push up to 3k?
The Silent Howl - kayy
Another Retailer Accepts Ethereum Payment - Amazon next?
Ethereum is at a historic moment. Compare its technicals with Bitcoin.
Thanks to ethereum and community, polygon will succeed
Please help
Thanks to eth, polygon will succeed
stETH to ETH Wallet
Just made my first 3D model 🔥🔥🔥 looking for some people to follow my page-show me some love Reddit! 💯💀💯
Cannot send USDC from Exodus wallet to Coinbase regular acct
Portfolio
Why is ethereum going up so early 😢😢😢😢😢😢 i wanted to buy some more on the dip :(
Newbie hits 1 ETH!
Learn more about crypto and Ethereum
too damn high!
Asking for .003 eth
Ethereum Smart Contracts: What are they? How do they work? And what are they good for?
Worth a look if you haven't already
DeFi Payment Protocol that enables POS terminals on blockchains and brings consumer protection to crypto payments
Officially up and running!
How to Easily Renew All Your .ETH Names at Once
Is PoS removing decentralization of coins?
Meditations on Decentralisation
I may have stumbled across the most interesting NFT-Defi merge project in a while
I may have stumbled across the most interesting NFT-Defi merge project in a while
This got censored from /r/CryptoCurrency but is an important read: As a Venezuelan, cryptocurrencies are a blessing.
Binance buying as a Us citizen
Coinbase vs. Trust Wallet Staking
she must have made real profits !
Is ERC777 being used? What are some well-known ERC777 tokens?
🔴 NEW DEFI | ICO (Serious Project – Insane Potential – See for Yourself)
11 Year old Boy at the bus stop
80% tax on cryptocurrency
Learning Solidity
Don’t be fooled by this bearish market
Pioneer Doge
Ethereum Is Not Decentralized or Digital Oil
GPU Hosting Service
How can i buy eth 2.0
ETH and Cardano scores highest after Ether on DeFi Utility Score Index
Custom Rig Build
ETH dropped the least in the most recent drop.
Poll
3070 underperforming
Your Local Eth. Dealer
I serve on the city council of a small Washington city - how could I best implement crypto into our city services?
Ethereum Poem - an NFT
We did it, Reddit! My 40 gwei transaction finally cleared after 46 days lmao
Thoughts on this article?
Staking Question
Myetherwallet to Bitpanda transfer
Who is hodling with me?
Anyone have any suggestions for a graphics card with 8gb VRAM that are fairly cheap?
eth 2.0
Gas price
Merchant Token - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021 - DeFi Payment Protocol that enables POS terminals on blockchains and brings consumer protection to crypto payments
RealT Weekly Recap
Anyone investing in any Ethereum ETFs?
Ptlk Airdrop
USDT ERC20 Gas fees
Slowly chipping away at my goal to own one whole ethereum 🇨🇦🙏 How much all y’all hanging onto?!
When you're an Ethereum investor and know it is set for growth.
Metamask Ethereum Airdrop for all users
Slowly chipping away at my goal to own one whole ethereum 🇨🇦🙏 proud owner of over half as of now. How much all y’all hanging onto?!
Crypto Investment and politics
Entire wallet transferred out to unknown address?
Entire wallet transferred out to unknown address?
Bought my first ETH and now I'm worried...
Why is ETH price activity tied so close to BTC?
Profitable Ethereum Mining
ZKSwap on Twitter
When mining, does internet speed affect rig or mining performance?
Morphic Studio - The First Decentralized Art Organization?
When mining, does internet speed affect rig or mining performance?
When mining, does internet speed affect rig or mining performance?
I need help with some mining issues
Help with Eth mining
questions about eth mmining
Garlicoin $GRLC will be the next big run!🧄🚀
NFT COLLECTORS
ATM I am not in Ethereum. Now considering it seriously since it’s on sale
When do gas fees will be reduced?
lexiconomy
Staking on Coinbase now available. Should I do it?
Best Staking Option for Canadians?
Why not to buy etherum
Where do you think ETH will be in 5 years?
Interested in Ethereum, not sure where to start
Could the principles of yields be applied to help governments move to a stable token?
Does OpenZeppelin ERC20 minting cost gas?
In proof of stake crypto itself is mining equipment.
One of the biggest Crypto Mining Store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
Everything starts somewhere. I look forward to the next Ethereum unicorn. Good luck to you all building future. Hope you enjoy the meme :)
Discovered Ethereum. Blown away. Deep diving to understand it fully...
Weeeee! Do we do that here?
Morphic Studio - The First Ever NFT Decentralized Art Organization
MTO - Megapost - Complete review of the most commented ICO on Reddit
Eth is pumping!
My Jaxx Liberty wallet just "forgot" my Ether.
Pay me Cash and I will do any Work for you.
One ETH in Venezuela is around 6,250,000,000 Bs. (Bolivares, Venezuelan currency VES)
Pre-sale has started! April 25th - 30th! Load up and hold your NXGN token!
Morphic Studio - The First Ever NFT Decentralized Art Organisation
Verasity POV protocol
Biden raises gas prices... Eth brings them down ETH for president
🔥 Community Update 🔥 • Partnership with @litentry • Current APY in Galaxyfarm is 62.63% • Razor lists on @MUSTCometh with up to 65065% APY • Check @razor_network Twitter official page
Eth2 is neutral infrastructure for our financial future
Hey!! DeFi and ongoing meta
ETH on Coinbase, how do I go about staking it?
RAZOR MEME COMPETiTION ONGOING AND I'M IN 😁 Check Twitter @razor_network TO JOIN US. 10 MEME 10 WINNERS 1000$ 🤑
Anyone aware of a way to turn ebooks into NFTs?
Question about Layer 2 Optimism and ZK
"Low" mining profitability today, why is that ?
Thanks to vitalik 🙏🏻
Approval Transaction pending - cannot alter nonce with metamask
My favourite trading strategy (aside from HODL)
Can we expect constant &lt; 60 Gwei daily average because of hard fork Berlin?
What's the difference between a ETH-maximalist and an ETH-skeptic?
Vitalik donates 100 ETH and 100 MKR for COVID-19 Relief in India
Instructions of how you can withdraw unlocked 1MIL tokens to your ERC-20 address
Berlbest ether mining bot on the telegram, it's not Scan, in the comments
Leading indicators of future price?
Omni intends to mark its profits to give back to its users via Blockchain Technology. #OMNI #Blockchain #crypt occurrence #DOT https://omni.ai
How can I help to project
First NFT George Orwell would love it
Need help
What will happen to eth miners?
How To Get.ETH Domain For Your Ethereum Address
I'm still holding...
Are these guys legit?
Build your own Airdrop on Ethereum (Full tutorial, Solidity, Backend, Frontend)
Ethereum-Complete Guide on World’s Second Crypto
Staking in Defi or Lending on BlockFi - Bigger Risk
FREE $20 worth of Earnathon Tokens WITHOUT DEPOSIT
What happens if you can't afford gas?
I always wanted to be a millionaire, thought i'd just ask reddit?
I had bought XRP 4 years ago at the peak of $3.5+
eth upgrade
Buy sell or trade even stake high with returns if you have eth already then look no further also available with other crypto in the app.
Telegram Miner (pays out)
Growing scammers on YT.
Did an artwork a few months back, listed it on Mintable.app. I am not expecting anyone to purchase, just want to hear opinions about this work, help to upvote thanks!
Join the Bitcoin Billionaires Discord Server!
Low Gas Prices?
id I travel back in time 6 months?
Do you invest in ETH for like 5 or 10 years?
Cerberus Token
Good guides for understanding smart contracts?
Look like we solved gas fees problem ... 😂😂😂🤣🤣
What’s New in Eth2 - 24 April 2021 -- Edition 67
Hello
Future of Ethereum?
If they can upgrade ethereum's network doesn't that also mean they can cange to their liking?
Active Ethereum Addresses Hit New High of 771K Amid New ATH - CoinQuora
Future of Ethereum
Your opinion on the future of Ethereum?
What If I invested earlier? We all had this question. This website gives you the answer. ETH Supported!
🚀👨‍🚀 ATTENTION ASTRONAUTS! I PRESENT TO YOU: THE LEGENDARY HIDDEN GEM ✌🦄 DEFI | ICO (Serious Project – Insane Potential – See for Yourself) BIG ANNOUNCEMENT COMING TONIGHT!
It really takes me some self control to not invest everything I own in eth xd btw, have a nice day!
Mobile ETH Miner fast free money
Best moment to buy in the near future?
GAS FEEs
Bought Ethereum-Futures in April; easiest money ever made
bought Ethereum-Futures at the beginning of April; easiest money ever made
Active Ethereum Addresses Hit New High of 771K Amid New ATH - CoinQuora
New piece of week! ETH - Tony Stark NFT Portrait! - Iron Man! - CryptoMovieArts!!! opensea
Opinion: Rollups are 4th gen blockchains
The Power and Utility of ETH
NFT Viewer is a simple and feature-packed NFT tools
Doesn't 32 ETH seem to high for staking?
🔥 MTO - Megapost - Complete review of the most commented ICO on Reddit 🔥
Why is Garry Vee hyping up may 5th on his Instagram??? what’s planned for that day someone fill me in 🙏🏼
Tx Pending more than 90 days - confirmed today
Will my ETH theoretically last forever?
BlockFi Review: Do More With Your Cryptocurrency
1 Doge = 1 Doge
0.2 ethereum worth it?
Why do we keep going down? We made an all time high and it was all down from there.
What do you think the value will be in 1-2 years
Ethereum trading bot
Crypto trading bot
Total number of coins
$AVA
Bitcoin has been going down for a while. Is it going to take Eth down with it, or are they going to just flock to eth
END DAY  
Every penny counts :)
Earn 101% APY Farming with TCAP Index
Help - I have a ledger s with a version of 1.1.5 and cannot do anything on ledger live!!!
Just minted NFT Hoodie Design Made By Us.
Hard wallets
It is due tomorrow airdrop
Question- Staining Tokens/ Blood Money
Mobile BTC telegram miner make $15.52 daily and $465.71 fast and easy withdrawals Link: https://t.me/BTC_Miner_au_bot?start=823549928
Should I stake my Ethereum?
You Can Mine Cryptocurrency Using Commodore 64
First NFT - Not dead yet 🆙
Just made a depressing discovery on one of my crypto exchange accounts
W_RUSSIAN_BLUE_COUPLE_01 | NFT
W_RUSSIAN_BLUE_COUPLE_01 - PIXEL DRIVE | OpenSea
Etherscan Contract Address Information
https://prohashing.com?r=zxivtXHk
Okay, what are people buying with Ethereum?
ETH went up 5,0216,041% for a split second
ETH tokenization
Gonna ask a dumb question....
Hello, I'm testing Reddit for the first time
Hello
need help with eth, dm me :*
Argent Wallet Minimum ETH for withdrawal
Getting Paid!! Put my gaming pc to work while I work. How did I not know about this years ago 🤦‍♂️
How many TPS is "enough"?
What is the population of this sub
Why do I have two Ethereums?
Private key opens a different address than the one that it "should"
Join Robinhood with my referral link
Leading American Wine Seller to Accept Payments in Bitcoin, Ethereum, Dogecoin, Others
.ETH domains
Crypto.com or Celsius for interest on my Eth?
Hello! Just minted my first 3 NFTs on Opensea after putting it off for months. Check them out in the link below and let me know what you think!
I LOVE ETHEREUM
What are everyone’s opinion on Ethereum Classic?
stop loss on decentralized exchange
Stolen Assets
Moving ETH from Coinbase to MetaMask
Thoughts on the premine?
animals token moon
Merchant Token - Just Announced their first partnership! which will enable real use for use crypto as payment with Merchant Token currency in over 20,000 taxis in Scandinavia and 10,000 taxis in the UK - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021
Value of 32 ETH, and having the option to run your own node.
CRYPTO FOR THE HOMELESS - It's been 2 years now - Also asking for some suggestions
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News!
Dip coming
Starting point for Ethereum development
I hope this isn't a repost, just saw staking options are available on coinbase. Does anyone have any insight on the implications of staking with coinbase versus on your own (besides the 32 eth requirement)? Any advice would be greatly appreciated.
Merchant Token - Just Announced their first partnership! which will enable real use for use crypto as payment with Merchant Token currency in over 20,000 taxis in Scandinavia and 10,000 taxis in the UK - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021
Security of Polygon - any game theory breakdowns?
EIP-3074 testnet &amp; development update from the community call
Ganymede Blues - 1/2
Ethereum
Merchant Token - Just Announced their first partnership! which will enable real use for use crypto as payment with Merchant Token currency in over 20,000 taxis in Scandinavia and 10,000 taxis in the UK - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021
Have No Fear of having no money….Be Currency Free…Be Fearless
How Much Eth Can You Flex?!
animals token
Ethereum
crypto
3 weeks since discovering Ethereum
When to buy
Invest in crypto
Any advise on how i can stake ether for low amounts ?
$DIS JUST LAUNCHED, WHALE PROOF, RUGPROOF, TIME FOR LIFTOFF! 15 HOURS OLD!
Ethereum - mining or staking?
State of Ethereum
I need urgent help. I’m loosing hope. I lost it already
Savings account vs staking
Just Recently got into Ether, What's the Entry Cost to Elite Level?
Mark Cuban on his cryptocurrency portfolio: 'I own a lot of Ethereum because I think it's the closest to a true currency'
🔥 HIPS and The Payment House, a leading payment processor for taxi companies, today announced their partnership, which will enable payment with Merchant Token currency in over 20,000 taxis in Scandinavia and 10,000 taxis in the UK!!!
Lending questions
MY ETH IS STUCK
Forrest Gump - Tom Hanks - NFT Portrait! Crypto Movie Arts - Opensea
One of the biggest cryptocurency and fintech events is coming up this Tuesday. The speakers of the conference include pre-imminent figures such as Michael Saylor of Microstrategy, Alexis Glick, veteran media personality and former Wall Street executive, and Apple co-founder Steve Wozniak.
Hello r/ethereum. Hope [OC] is OK? This NFT is made of 1 ETH. Art *literally* made of money. (private key -&gt; hex color codes) 👀🔥 https://twitter.com/c0inwarsnft/status/1386024292329000963
Ethereum Transaction Hash (Txhash) Details
Staking ETH using Guarda
Can you have a fractional gwei gas fee?
This guy gets it
Ethereum owns the highway to DEFI, Chainlink owns the toll booths on the highway. If you are a ETH Gang, Link marine member. Like this!
The only telegram group you need to find mooning alts. 1500x called out on here last night. SHIBA Inu was called out here before it 100x'ed
mousecoin on the rise
The only telegram group you need to find mooning alts. 1500x called out on here last night. SHIBA Inu was called out here before it 100x'ed
Could You Convince Medieval Bankers Buy Ethereum?
Looking for someone to explain to me how to create a token on the Binance smart chain.
George Washington 4/20 commemorative NFT OG on OpenSea
access contract balance
Claimable Airdrop Finder
look at this shit
The Complete Guide to Full Stack Ethereum Development - Tutorial for Beginners -- Nader Dabit
ETH 2.0 shaking on Binance?
(Relatively new to crypto) I own ETH on Binance, and it offers ETH 2.0 staking. I've done some reading on it, should I throw it in?
Truebit early access
2 months
tmpfs.it now accepts ETH
$AVLN
Best Way to Stake
What Drives Crypto Taxation and Regulation across Countries? Who are the early adopters? | Quantitative Analysis | De-Fi Deep Dive, Part VII | Wonkish
Physical Painting Backed by NFT?!?!?
Gas fees suddenly low...is this the result of Berlin?
Some Good News 📰
Amnesia's world renowned parties in Ibiza on Ethereum
When will people who have staked their ETH be allowed to withdraw them?
I sent some ETH via Metamask to Coinbase ETH-Wallet, it turned out to convert to PEG-ETH
Logix Mining - World's most trusted Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment Seller - Amazing reduced prices!
Transaction Space Value
Ethereum Classic ETC
Rollercoin
Is it possible to add solona style timekeeping in the blockchain to improve tps/settlement time
Do you think corporations and Governments will start mining?
Ethereum’s price is too high
Report: The Rise of Institutional Ethereum Investors – Let me Know what you think!
EIP-3074 Community Call 2
Feast of the Rabbit
Vitalik Buterin Donates $600,000 in ETH, MKR Towards India’s Covid-19 Relief
What do you think about Cardano?
Does anyone know any "decentralized" messenging platforms?
Withdrawing from TokenSets to Kraken
A proposal for how the ability for validators to change their keys (also useful for delegation) with no downtime could be added
Lower Fees?
NFT COLLECTORS
ETH Current Price
Is anyone else’s ethereum transfer taking long as hell??
Are there any good ethereum based dapps for betting pools?
What kind of PSU would run this?
Who or how are fees paid for looping smart contracts
🔵 NEW DEFI | ICO (Serious Project – Insane Potential – See for Yourself)
Are there any good ethereum based dapps for betting pools?
Quiz question ..
Something wicked this way comes.
Today's Top-Rated Data Sets Sold on Ethereum
Does Dapper Lab's Flow a Threat to Ethereum?
How to Network and Make Friends in Crypto
The Freelancer’s Smart Contract: How It Works
Safe to keep etherum in shakepay?
Ethereum creator donates 100 Ether and Maker to Indian COVID-19 relief
FAQ NFTs: Everything You Need to Know About NFTs
Matic rebranded to Polygon to become the go-to aggregator for Ethereum network. Multiple DeFi and NFT projects have decided to integrate with Polygon. Polygon partnered with Aave to launch a liquidity mining program.
My trading challenge 2021: 800X my account
How does ethereum generate revenue?
Ethereum 2.0? Emergency market update - Ethereum flips Bitcoin?
Ethereum 2.0? Emergency market update - Ethereum flips Bitcoin?
Ethereum devs, help me learn more about Layer 2 scaling?
Friction with identity in web3
In 2018 i earned 1,5$ 😭😭😭🤣🤣🤣
Question from an Eth-newbie.
Bitmain Reveals New Antminer E9 Ethereum Miner, ASIC Device Commands 3 GH/s Hashrate
Ethereum devs! Help me know more about layer-2 scaling!
L2 influence on Ethereum adoption
How to make transaction faster, which was made by other person?
A suspicious Ethereum transaction executed by Binance using the Binance Smart Chain Bridge. I need some help from someone who has technical expertise.
One of the biggest cryptocurency and fintech events is coming up this Tuesday. The conference will cover topics such as crypto mining, trading, sustainability and the evolution of finance and regulation.
ATH Resistance ??
Why are there so many Identity hoops?
Buy And Send Instantly
I like taking walks in the morning...
Why I've Invested $9,300 Into MoonCorgi Before Everyone Else Gets In
Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin donates $600K for COVID-19 in India
MOONCORGI currently $1M Market Cap!
Physical store with stock!
Luckygames - Bitcoin Gambling, Dice Game
Moon Corgi
Price Prediction for Ethereum 2022
Questions about PoS and ETH 2.0's solutions
🚀
Having difficulty understanding how dapps work on the network.
Newbie question:if there were dapps developed on binance smart chain and in the future (lets pretend for the sake of an example) binance gets in trouble with authorities and is ordered to shut down(unlikely to happen but just for the example) does that mean those dapps would cease to exist?
Bull Market or bounce??? #CryptoBanter Smash those likes!!
Crypto Trends 26 April 2021 ⚙️ Beacon Chain Client Diversity 💾 No instathreat to raising the gas limit to 15M 🗺️ What happens after the merge + Less-appreciated benefits of Proof of Stake
What’s the most cost efficient way to transfer my dais to another wallet? Eth fees are farming everything
Ethereum questions from a new investor
How do i cashout my ethereum from metamask wallet?
Liquidate or dive deeper?
Little help pls. Total noob to ETH. I've just purchased £40 of ETH (as a trial) and was charged 0.005eth (£8.90) to transfer to my wallet. Is this the gas fee? Does the gas fee increase along with the value of the transaction or is it dependent on date/time and how busy the network is? Thank you.
WSCF Global | How to grow your business using Blockchain? | DeFi Service...
Best/Cheapest Way to Hold &amp; Stake ETH in a Wallet
Accidently sent token to ETH contract address.
Will ethereum 2.0 make the ethereum we already have obsolete? (Question from a crypto beginner, pls explain this to me patiently)
Ethereum gas limit hits 15 Million as ETH price rallies around its ATH
An Ethereum poem that received over 1k upvotes in /r/Cryptocurrency can now be bought as an NFT
CryptoZombies | Lesson 2 Chapter 2
Question about gas
Who believes that ETH will rise to 10K in 2 years?
Earn Crypto for free! Introduce myself, my experience.
Btc to ETH
Meet this simple ethereum calculator called fomplo
Meet this simple ethereum calculator called fomplo
A new cross-rollup proposal
A new cross-rollup proposal
Ethereum rose by 10% | CoinTechn
The reason why ETH gas fees are down
A new rollup proposal
Cross-rollup proposal
END DAY  
Just bought in, bad decision!?
ETH decentralized
Time is on our side
All My Life Savings Back in ETH
Now is an amazing time to buy
Bootstrapping Pendle Liquidity
Will you purchase ETH at current price?
Is 30-35 mh/s with an RTX 2060 SUPER normal?
Just bought a pizza for the first time using my ethereum!! 🍕🚀🍕🚀Fresno,CA
Is this normal hashrate? I have an RTX 2060 SUPER and I'm using lolMiner to mine ETH, I use about 150w of power and I get 30-35 mh/s. When I look on youtube, other people have much higher hashrate with worse GPU's, is there something wrong with my PC?
I was wrong about Proof of Stake Decentralization!
What incentive do miners have to include transactions in blocks post EIP 1559?
I was holding a position in eth and bitcoin. I then put 5k on the side to buy doge if it drops to .20. YOLO I think this will be a better buy this going to take off! HODL UP!
Thought y’all might appreciate this... whoops
OpenZeppelin are looking for a Technical Product Marketing Manager. ⚡ The ideal candidate has both a technical and marketing background and can translate technical content into messaging that resonates with users.
Why gas price comes down to 62. It’s been 120 the past few months
Journey to $1 Million | Market is Back!
I Just Got Married On Ethereum Today!
$100 etherium needed
Powerpositive1.com for the best premium supplements! Please check it out. Family owned all made in the USA.
ETH dip?
Can someone who understands this article better comment on its content? Please. Does this mean that the current price for ETH is unlikely to retract and will continue to rise?
how high can POLYGON go?
Rags to riches🥲 it’s a start
Ethereum surges to ATHs after Berlin update and massive adoption
Epi1559 date July 14 2021
I need some help
Etc will hit 3 or 4k on July. Save this message.
Where to stake ETH
Looking for some ELI5 resources regarding how ETH2.0 will impact gas fees for ETH and ERC20 tokens
NFT TAX
Trump haters now can pay for his tweets as NFTs just out of spite. All profits to charities
Buy/sell eth (and other crypto without ID)
Ethereum Drop?
How can I get my ether back from coinbase?
How to cash out ETH in the US(Florida) for F-1 VISA student
Scam Alert: WalletConnect Extension. I know, I'm an idiot. But don't download the WalletConnect chrome extension
Can anyone help me track the transaction from metamask to polymarket?
Is it worth a try
Can we stake on the rocket pool website?
Ethereum 2
(Noob Question ) Smart contract adress
NFT
Was just curiously checking out the XRP Reddit community ...🤣 what planet are people on?!
Uzi co sign. $10,000 EOY confirmed.
Join the Bitcoin Billionaires Discord Server!
Metamask wallet showing $0.00 USD and 0 ETH balance despite mining for 3 hours so far on my gtx 1070?
Is ETC worth the buy?
Thank You: Yesterday 1920 pounds (871 kilos) of Food were given to people in my community in Venezuela.
ZKSwap on Twitter
Ethereum investment
What steps are taken or could be taken by Ethereum protocol to mitigate MEV attacks?
Question About the Upcoming 1559 Protocol
Does anyone know if Elon Musk or Michael Sayer hold ethereum as well and what they have said about it?
Farsite is a DeFi-powered economic MMO RPG/RTS game
How do blockchain companies actually make money! How do I convince my BF that it’s not a bad investment?
Coinbase Pro to BINANCE
Learn How to Create an ERC20 Token
Other than staking what can I do with my ETH?
Hasbro CEO says NFTs are being considered for Magic: The Gathering, other franchises
Sent binance pegged ethereum to coin base from trust wallet
MetaMask Advice
🎯 I found this project from a Swedish company on Reddit few days ago and its already in phase 74 of 100 in only few days❤️ Real use in taxis at UK and Scandinavia starting in november of this year! 👑
You know you’re on the right track when...If this doesn’t say all you need to know. Slow steady rise...This is only the beginning!
new token
Yes
PSA - There’s a scam running an ad on Youtube. Do NOT send ETH to the address on that ad or scan the QR code.
Transferred Coins
Lower user risk and automate your Ethereum operations with OpenZeppelin Defender 💻 Learn how in our demo 🛡️ DevSecOps for Ethereum (DevOps + SecOps) 🗣️ Live Q&amp;A with our team 🕛 Wednesday noon PT/3pm ET/8pm UTC
I learned today that this is Leslie the Rhino. Is there a story on why her name is Leslie and why eth 2.0 choose rhino as its mascot?
New!!!🤩🤩🤩👍
How do I create NFTs with Facebook posts?
Stock Moe Predicts Ethereum Will Hit $9k by 2025
Will #Eth ever put a dent in #BTC's dominance?
Question regarding taxes
4M ETH are locked in deposit contract 🎊👏
Improving Prediction Markets
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more! Spring SALE!
Looking to discuss stocks with a community
What's the first Big Tech Company you think is likely to declare purchase of Etherum ?
Candela Coin (CLA) - LOW MCAP GEM! Energy sector. just launched trading on pancakeswap. only 37 hodlers.
Collateral loan on ethereum??
European Investment Bank to price €100 million in bonds on Ethereum: report
I Got SCAMMED for ALL my ETH (An Educational Post)
European Investment Bank is issuing 2 year digital bonds on Ethereum through Goldman, Santander, and Societe. European investors basically legitimising $ETH as financial infrastructure.
Ethereum Price Predictions
Project Shelby GT500
Will L2 scaling solutions always be necessary?
Anyone know how to get alerts/notifications for Ethereum?
Can addresses be link back to the hardware wallets we use?
Hard drive Mining
Help *visible confusion*
No one ever lost money if they bought ethereum and never sold!
Hey guys! I make Ethereum and cryptocurrency content on Instagram. I focus on on-chain analytics, data and investment trends. Feel free to follow @thatbitcoinpage 😊
Bitcoin Price Todey - HOT!
ENS Integration Best Practices
Ethereum 2.0’s Success Is Ethereum Classic’s Success
Going Fast!!!
Me when I looked at ETH price hitting $2,682
Tokens - that have actual staying power or use cases
What was the ethereum subreddit like in the early days?
Ethereum Hits Record Price as Potential Supply Crunch Looms
Blockchain
Can we take a minute to celebrate the fact we are hitting ATHs today?
I made this video to explain how Alchemix work, what do you think?
Onggi Dshop
Swap all BTC for Eth ?
DeFi in Ether: &gt; $61B in DeFi this week, Loopring announces Ethport, FAANG equity Synths now live…
What do you think of LAYER2.FINANCE, it's an Optimistic Rollup to use lending protocols like Compound, AAVE, Curve.Fi?
Digital frames for NFTs?
What level of risk is associated with making astronomical investments into Ethereum?
$DIGI $DKBSF WIN a year's free subscription:
Removing beth of binance
Made a hundred dollars In profit on my ether, which is exciting, but I have questions. I have bought twice this year, and I plan on continuing to buy more ether as time passes. So my questions are as follows: What's the best way to keep track of my transactions for taxes if I plan to hodl for years
district0x Dev Update - April 27th, 2021
Cardano (ADA) vs Etherium (ETH) which will perform better for the remainder of the this bull cycle
ZKSwap on Twitter
Project Shelby GT500
Is it possible to track the trading history of an ERC1155 token?
Thoughts on smart contract wallets?
Layer 2 solutions for interacting with smart contracts
Has anyone here been copping premium domains?
EthHub Weekly #163: Gas limit increase, EIP-1559 gets a date, ETH ETFs in Canada, real world assets in Maker, Loopring announces ethport, Scalar from The Graph and Connext, FAANG synths on Synthetix and Layer2.finance
Layer 2 solutions for interacting with smart contracts
What are some good apps for investing in crypto I currently use Robinhood and I would like to actually own the coin but I don’t want to loose out on any more gains but going forward what are some good apps that you guys use?
Crypto vet but newb to Eth
Polygon (previously Matic) partners with EPNS. $PUSH notifications across the entire Ethereum ecosystem.
Anyone interested in splitting the cost of Into The Cryptoverse Premium list
Got my 1st ever eth so happy 😃
DeFi Portal 1inch Launches Wallet on iOS App Store
Hello , this is my first post here
European Investment Bank is issuing 2 year digital bonds on Ethereum through Goldman Sachs, Santander, and Societe Generale!
Everyone’s talking a bigger block size to solve Bitcoin’s scalability problems #Bitcoinblocksizematters
Anyone Want a free $1200 trading tool For digital currency? DigiCrypts blockchain is promoting its new app!! $DBKSF $DiGi.C
Ethereum (ETH) Surges Past $2550 As Average Gas Fee Drops to 3-Month Low
Welcome everyone to WEEDSWAP.IO - $WEED !
Xdai Stake Buy Now
ETH &gt; $2600!
how to access usdt
How to access usdt
Newly Converted Etherhead. Well about two months now. The Real Deal Is Right Here! WOOOOOOH!
Right decision?
Help
Low gas price lasted four days
📣SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT📣
Can a girl get an upvote? First timer!!!
Brie and Nikki Bella are both pregnant
Ethereum vs Mina Protocol vs Casper CBC
Want to seII 0,029 Bitc0in for 85 U.S.D Pay-Pal. Pm please
ETH staking with Coinbase
ENS enables portable usernames and more with reverse resolution
Truebit early access
✊🏾$BLACKLIVESMATTER will Become The Biggest Charity Token On Earth! [FEW days old] 🖤✊🏾
Im trying to recover the password from a UTC file, any ideas?
David Bowie's Online Auction Org is auctioning a Basquiat drawing as an NFT on Ethereum's Opensea
Tuesday's Big ICO News
SOS EARNINGS Next Week. Here is why they will be EPIC
"So, the LN system can scale up by reducing the number of transactions on the blockchain? How will this affect the miners? A very interesting post to read. #Bitcoinblocksizematters"
Question regarding how PoS algorithm select a new validator? (Problem: rich getting richer?)
How much gas should i use to transfer my 1 eth to nexo account sucessfully?
Winklevoss (VOSS) Launched 24 hours ago. 349 HOLDERS YOU NOW HOLD $VOSS AND HAVE GAINED A SEAT ON THE MOON MISSION!
How much has should i use to sucessfully transfer 1 eth to my nexo account?
$FLASH / Flashstake - Earn. Instant. Yield. (instant yield farming, first of its kind)
Link
24Kswap is now live!
“Collective Ownership with Appcoins” ... solid paper in general, but the section on appcoins beginning pg 76 is particularly interesting
Ethereum drop?
De/centralisation and Humanity
There has been a lot of talk around Ethereum going deflationary with the introduction of EIP 1559. Is that really the case? This article takes a closer look at the prospects of EIP1559 proposal &amp; how it intends to change the existing gas fee mechanism.
With ETH2 being PoS, I assume ETH and ERC20 tokens will no longer be able to be stored on an external wallet?
Ethereum and Tezos connected via blockchain bridge
Just trying to grasp the concept of eth is this correct?
What happens if you choose a gas price that is too low?
What happens if you choose a gas price that is too low?
Transaction fees if I transfer eth from coinbase to metamask? (Sorry for noob question)
Thankful for this Subreddit
Robinhood or Coinbase
Online art in a nutshell
Is rocketpool insured?
A question regarding ERC-20
Learn how to create an ERC20 token
What is the best no scam faucet site? ( Seriously )
If i invest in Hive blockchain, is that sort of like being a stake holder?
$SUPERN BULLISH
I have 2 #ETH, when should I sell?
How much ETH do you think you will need now, to retire in 10 years time from staking?
What will happen to my ETH when ETH2 is here?
Official ethereum desktop wallets?
Will Ethereum double when 2.0 goes live? Phase 0&amp;1 completed. Phase 3 Dec. Current 6% staking with the worlds most useful growth coin. imminent $3k resistance + BTC 2 ETH BRIDGE ENABLES BTC HODL’ers to profit from yielding bearing ether vaults!! 🚀🚀🚀💎💎💎📈📈📈
Ethereum Network Daily Transaction Surges Over 1.51M - CoinQuora
Atomicwallet giveaway
Will eth ever crash?
Crypto
How NFTs Are Fueling The Modern Art - NFT Marketplaces Compared
Ethereum better than Pancake?
Which node(s) could i run?
[ANN] NFT tokens Display and Send in the Wordpress Ethereum Wallet plugin
A Cryptographic Solution to a Game Theoretic Problem
If you're looking for crypto related clothing check this out .
Cardano vs Ethereum: How Are They Different - Guide
Bender Labs is launching its first bridge protocol, WRAP. WRAP will move tokens from Ethereum to Tezos using wTokens. wTokens will represent ERC-20, ERC-721, and FA2 tokens pegged at their value.
My thoughts on polygon as a new crypto user
Defi trending
The Dogecoin case provided me food for thought
Crypto loans
Where can i mine and trade Ether?
Day 2 of Loving Ethereum!
Can someone trade me ETH for Algo? I will send you Algo and you send me ETH?
GasEVO: Embedded Volumetric Optionality Forward GasToken contract; an exchange-traded instrument with GasToken as the underlying asset for hedging transaction price and settlement risk for Ethereum.
London Hard Fork
FRENETIK VOID: A POST-HUMAN UNIVERSE INHABITED BY MUTATING BEINGS
Any advice for a newbie?? Hey guys I’m new to all of this, and everyone seems to be very knowledgeable on here, I’m just looking for any advice you can teach my way!!
DiamCircle
Little about mining!!!
Simplify the way you trade cryptocurrency by joining me on NDAX – Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
Simplify the way you trade cryptocurrency by joining me on NDAX – Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
END DAY  
thoughts on implemented forced micro-transaction before full transaction for wallets?
Ether: That Shit That Make Your Soul Burn Slow
How would you personally buy eth between now and june??
Honest question, how far away is Eth 2.0?
BTC PLANET
ETH-LITE
Explanation of Ethereum to human being extraordinary
Earn daily 1 bitcoin
Staking 32 ETH
I created a website to track how much your Eth is worth and will be worth in the future
🤔
Solana Season - Solana is launching a new Hackathon?
New Solana Hackathon?
Who receives the ether fees for launching dapps on ethereum?
Who receives the ether fees for launching dapps on ethereum?
Announcing The Solana Season Hackathon | May 15 To June 7th 2021
Will Ethereum becoming a deflationary asset reduce participation in its network and reduce decentralization?
how long does it usually take to transfer crypto from newton to metamask
Crypto Tax Apps?
Crypto Tax Apps?
Eth2 Mainnet Incident Retrospective -- Prysmatic Labs
Cheapest way to buy ETH and transfer to Trevor?
A stupid mistake
LockSun
Waiting waiting waiting for that Eth dip......getting tired of waiting. Eth is getting too strong for its own good.
EquilibriumDeFi introduced a Kusama-based GenshiroDeFi with lower minimum collateralization ratio (just 100%).
Price presiction
Hivepool to BlockFi
Help 🙏
Advice on getting paper wallet onto phone app wallet
Together 32
I found TheDAO tokens - Can they be converted?
What are the odds of miner accepting my ETH transaction with lower gas fees?
I have 2 internal transactions that show successful but i still haven't recurved anything in my wallet. Any help?
Goodbye Platinum
أفضل توقعات سعر الاثريوم 2021 من قبل الخبراء
Solo Eth Validator
ETH is bitch slapping BTC. 👋
Almost lost ETH, need help
Gifting a minor
My dad finally bought some ETH
👾🛸(repost)
Portfolio help!
Ethereum Price
ETH to ETH2
👩‍💻 Workshop Recap: Managing Smart Contract Upgrades; Led by Martin Verzilli - Developer at OpenZeppelin. Watch the video recording; Upgrade the example contract.
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more! Spring SALE!
European Investment Bank Sold $121 Million in Two-Year Notes on Ethereum
Not showing Gpu (rtx 3090 asus rog strix)
DeFi at Work .... #Ethereum
B-Datagray is launching a blockchain ecosystem and a very cool airdrop
World class Ethereum advertisement by CNN
Should i wait for dip?
JP Morgan acknowledges that Ethereum has more potential than Bitcoin
💎 Merchant Token - The largest DeFi ICO in 2021 💎
Found some of TheDAO tokens in a wallet from 2016 - Convert to ETH???
Last chance below 3k?
Is there any point in waiting for Ethereum to dip below $2,000-$2,200 again, or is it best to just buy now?
Please select!
Labor Theory of Value in Cryptocurrency
I sold all my crypto Feb 28
Best Places to Hodl. New, Please Help
Etherplay is back and we are launching our first alpha for conquest.eth an open-ended game of strategy and diplomacy on ethereum testnet
Ethereum holders ⚠️ WARNING ⚠️
Why does MetaMask need an internet connection to input/validate a seed?
Unisphere
Ethereum sucks when art piece costs more in gas then the art
Layer 2
Staking ETH in New York
eth transfer got canceled?
Building on ETH vs BTC?
Building on BTC vs building on ETH blockchain?
TA Update on ETH!
Decentralized Elections
Joe Lubin on CNN today -- "[Defi &amp; Ethereum are] replicating the use cases of centralized finance with far greater efficancy"
What are some good ETH wallets?
Live Stream Showcase with the founders of the Core Ecosystem
Could eip-1559 be bad for ethereum in the short term?
Sending ETH vs Withdraw/Deposit
Help me understand this old address transactions? (DAO refund)?
FREE US AUDIOBOOKS
Create a ERC20 token to be used as currency at an event
Best free or paid course to learn everything about Ethereum?
Is there a way to swap or use trash tokens for gas or...?
Who were the people or organizations that created/programmed the DAO (from the DAO hack)?
ahh yes, a perfectly reasonable gas fee.
We need to sort out high gas fees ASAP!
🦄 Alchemy's $80 million series B | 🌎 10 million global users | 💰 $30B+ txs | 🚀 Power all major NFT platforms
Keep tabs on these ETH developments to know how its market will evolve this week
Music to my ears.
Come closer
Introducing Ethflippening dapp
Hey just wondering I bought ethereum on on wealth simple, can I transfer it to crypto.com or do I just have to sell and start over on a new app and then if so should I use crypto.com or Coinbase I live in Canada
PoS vs PoW
ATARI casino in Dectraland launch today
Not your keys not your crypto, if you’re new to crypto do not invest via Robinhood they have NO wallet as of yet.
What is the future of main net transaction fees?
WEEKLY UPDATE: Most-Mentioned Coins at r/CryptoCurrency (Week Ending April 28, 2021)
HUGE fees
Probably the best Ethereum related podcast i've ever listened to - Cobie &amp; Su Zhu discussing the bullish catalysts for ETH price and the "flippening"
Lets go
Ethereum could do 10000 USD by August 2021, but there are concerns short term
I made a video breaking down EIP 1559 (London Hard Fork) and why Miners are angry about it! I hope some of y'all find this useful!
This was sent over 2 hours ago and it is not even processing. Is this happening to anyone else? Sending from bitmart to Coinbase
Crypto Community to the rescue. Crypto Relief fund to purchase Oxygen across Indian hospitals was realized so quickly. Thanks to Sandeep, the Crypto community, and FV Bank.
$ETH.... Some DD on Ethereum....
Status v1.13 Release - Socks, Keycard, and more control of your messages
Comparison of Ways to Get Passive Income | Crypto Savings vs Staking
2 hours and still not processing my ethereum transfer
How I feel next to my friend that I been telling me for years that I was crazy putting my money in crypto
Transaction disappeared, no ETH received.
Please ELI5 - Thank you
Need help, want to buy crypto with paypal don't know how.
I am still not sold on the value proposition of DeFi. 5 key criticisms.
Nikki Bella shows her pregnant belly for her Fans
Blockchain Developer Platform Powering Over 60% of Ethereum's Top Applications Unveils Vision
If I moved all my Eth, 4 total..
Are there any safeguards preventing a 51 attack against the DeFi protocols?
I have some ETHs (Under 32) on a cold storage. What's the vest way to stake them?
CEO of Ethereum Developer Platform, Alchemy, Unveils Vision to Empower Developers
Opera Browser Integrates Unstoppable Domains
Earning interest question from a newbie!
You can now natively browse .crypto websites on all Opera browsers, including iOS, Android, and desktop!
You can now natively browse .crypto websites on all Opera browsers, including iOS, Android, and desktop!
You can now natively browse .crypto websites on all Opera browsers, including iOS, Android, and desktop!
Can I turn web pages into NFTs????
$ETH.... The Future!!!
Valid Takes: More Ethereum Upgrades to Come After Proof of Stake, Buterin Says
What makes 1 ETH price to rise overtime, even thought the ETH is deflationary by the design?
What's the future of mainnet gas prices?
ETH holding strong baby!
ETH ATH
SPREAD THE WORLD
Why our coin isn't selling?
You know what's coming when Wallstreet whales like J.P Morgan has noticed ETH
If 2.0 has a base fee, and Eth becomes deflationary, wouldn’t that mean hellla expensive fees?
Nikki Bella shows her pregnant belly for her Fans
Simple helpful tip
Ethereum
Invest in ETH
Super new to crypto, Should I buy ETH right now?
Today! Expect NFTs, wearables, giveaways and an unforgettable party.
What is EtherLite? ETL
ETH mining
SSV Based Validator Client Diversity - Following the 'epoch 32302' incident
How do pre-merge Eth2.0 staking rewards work?
Opinion: 'Client diversity' in the ETH staking ecosystem - Following the 'epoch 32302' incident
Implications of internet outage on ETH 2.0
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more! Spring SALE!
New waves in Ethereum?
New all time high my friends!
When is the right time to invest in Ethereum?
Open Source/Open Result / One-off-api calls
Assume you have 100k to invest in the crypto space - thoughtful portfolio construction to support the ecosystem
Ethereum’s trading volume today is Eliiitte
Top 10 Cryptocurrency 2021
How is called when everyday is an ATH day?
Ethereum on a high after European Investment Bank’s $121M digital bond news
SWAP
Ethereum hits new all-time high but recovery stalls
PoS vs PoW
Collecting a list of all the dapps one can interact with now that gas is very cheap.. Any help in the comments will be appreciated, thank you
There, i fixed it. 🐂
Question about gas.
MetaMask surpasses 5 million monthly active users
Force through a pending transaction
Rinkeby ETH &lt;3
A solution to ERC-721 issues (royalty fee and metadata immutability)
Long term store of Etherium
Running a validator while travelling
It's time to rewrite the definition of a sidechain.
Me rn. It feels good
The Layer 2 Wars Heat Up
The Layer 2 Wars Heat Up
Layer 2 Won’t Save Ethereum
Ethereum Biweekly Infographics is out!
Upcoming No-Gas-Fee Ethereum Layer2 NFT marketplace Non-Figgybles in the making
Vote‼️
💎 How to get cool wallet address
The Crypto Doctors - Signals &amp; Pumps
http://bit.do/Atomicwallet
The Crypto Doctors - Signals &amp; Pumps
Looking for reputable exchanges for Ethereum in Canada
Encrypted NFT - Only the owner can view it ...
PRV launching soon!!
Ether Hits All-Time High Price Above $2.7K After Rallying 19% in 3 Days
What Makes Ethereum a “Deflationary Asset”?
[ELI5] What is the "London" Upgrade about?
Crystal Moob
Purchase Eth while it's on the rise or wait for the dip?
What will happen to the ETH price when staking is unlocked? Won't it plummet because of many people selling their ETH right away?
Decentralized Ethereum Exchange Platform Development Company
dynamically wrapped bitcoin
InsurAce launches Insurance Services on its mainnet
Low hashrate when mining
Get Your 5 GLD Tokens Free Just Following the Simple Steps and Enjoy With the Best Deal. Worth of 5 GLD Tokens = $5
Will staking rewards diminish as more people enter to validate the network?
The First DOT Liquid Staking App rDOT is Live on Mainnet Now. rDOT App will help you enjoy the maximized staking reward and friendly liquidity of staking DOT at the same time. Now the estimated DOT staking APY through rDOT is around 14.9% .
Top20 Social Dapps by 30d Volume 🥇 Ethereum $2.45M dominates, top3: Roll $1.21M, Spank Live $1.16M, Giveth $56.71K
Ethereum on a high after European Investment Bank’s $121M digital bond news
how can we make money in this pandemic?
Another milestone reached - over 4 MILLION is now locked in ETH2
I'm broke and lost 98% of my money. I'm thankful to everyone who are willing to help me recover. 😞
Need gas
Ethereum loan DAI USDT variable or fixed?
Question regarding compounding interest and ETH staking
Community-minted NFT
First community-minted NFT
Alchemy CEO and Co-Founder, Nikil Viswanathan, Presents Company Vision to Enable Ethereum Developers
Sme questions about ethereumn please.
r/EthTrader in a nutshell
Berlin clobbered the gas. I’m quite optimistic about 1559 and 2.0
END DAY  
Just started using Loopring for L2
I dont see much conversation about Internet Computer, Dfinity on here or other channels.
I got in at 1700 initially, and have continued to buy including at ATH’s like today.
Ethereum - The Triple Halving Report
Help buying eth while being underage
OpenZeppelin Contracts 4.1: UUPS upgrade proxy, Multicall batch transactions, ERC20FlashMint extension, Cryptography tools ERC2098 &amp; SignatureChecker; npm install @openzeppelin/contracts
Ethereum undergoes major update and investors debate whether Bitcoin will be left behind
😆😆😆
ETH Staking vs. Earning Interest
Noob question but what’s the damn difference between a stop limit and a limit order?
Earn daily 1 ethereum
NEW NFT PROJECT KRYPTOMO
Ethereum Surpasses PayPal’s Market Cap as ETH Keeps Reducing Bitcoin Dominance
Regret selling my 1 ethereum coin
Writing my final paper on collective action in the crypto/blockchain-verse... any examples of strong collective action within the space?
How do I register my eth name?
Would you still buy a Ledger wallet?
Why is ETH price travelling independent of BTC?
ERC20's on $MINI
Web3 Explained in 2 Minutes with Girl Gone Crypto
Metaverse Quantum
Thoughts on prospects of USG recognition of Ethereum and ETH
History of the word HODL
Steve-O joins the NFT world with his first piece through Foundation.App, already hit 1.34ETH!
Proof of stake
🦍APEHAVEN (APES) 🚀 Donates to Charity with auto yield farming from transactions 🦍
Good CLI tools for interacting with Ethereum chains?
Too late to mine?
Should I take profit?
$YELLEN COIN LAUNCH in 24hrs
All in on ethereum
First space art piece using rarible
If ETH2 is moving to Proof of Stake, why are some exchanges letting you stake ETH already?
Crypto NAFA
IM NEW, any help is appreciated. I just bought in @ $2701. Do you guys HODL and buy the DIPs or are you taking your gains out as they come?
Is it possible to test how Layer 2 works in the ETH testnet?
Bought ETH a few weeks ago for the 1st time
Wallet choices
Check out Swin! The next best project, linking Crypto to Real estate!
Ethereum Technical Analysis for April 30, 2021 - ETH
Well damn lol
Transaction complete without gas fee?
Bits of Ethereum ⚫ NFT minted on OpenSea
How many eth will it take to make someone a millionaire this bull cycle?
A few methods for increasing your privacy when using MyCrypto
Help with fees??
Ethereum 1 year!
Do you want crypto to be regulated ?
Comparing Stellar XLM to Ethereum - The Sky is the limit for Stellar, potentially! Think about it...
Economics of proof of stake
[Show ETH] New payment app - feedback welcome!
Eth vs Eth 2.0
Can Ethereum Scale Before Binance Smart Chain, Polkadot &amp; Others Take Market Share
Can eth Scale
What is a good buying in point for Ethereum?
Ripple Wants To Go Public After SEC Lawsuit Settlement
YouTube hacking?
Developing a balanced perspective on Ethereum (and I guess crypto in general) - trying to separate out greed, ideology, value, hype and FOMO
Niftygateway offline?
How to transfer coin from rinkeby network to eth mainnet?
I bought some AAVE the other day and will cost me more to send it somewhere to sell it than it’s worth any tips?
How much coin is NewYork Red brick nft??
#eatsleepshitcoins #tbtmovienight
Student-led group sells NFTs of Trump tweets for charity
Question regarding withdrawing from FTX/Transaction Fees
What are some problems with Binance smart chain
I want to buy more ethereum but I'm scared to average up.
just decided to share an opinion is not financial advice
Tutorial for ethereum merge testnet implementation from Nethermind
Enterprise Blockchain (Decision-Making) Templates
Help, how do I start buying ethereum?
First time ever
Can’t figure out how to open my ledger wallet to get my coins out, can someone help me?
Bought ETH a few weeks for 1st time
Etherplay -- Get ready for conquest.eth first alpha!
Sell crypto before too late
Advice needed on staking
Evolution of currency: Shells . Gold . Cash and coins . Bitcoin . Etheruem
buying ETH on PayPal platform
Funny how market sentiment changes…
SCAM ALERT! BE CAREFUL ~ Please read and make yourself aware
What do you think about the new HDD mining coin Chia? Its already trading at $1439 in futures market and will start on exchanges next Monday
Someone wants your ASSets!
72 days of ETH transaction to Bittrex being in Limbo
Etheurium is gonna skyrocket this year! Do you guys think it’ll get to 10k by the end of the year?
ETH at another ATH - MoonRally NFT
Does staking on an exchange gives it voting power on the Blockchain?
AMD RX 6700 XT in stock Denver Microcenter $815 right now
OMG let it crash to 2600!
Look at these good opportunities in the #ETH options as ETH is breaking new highs! Look at the 10 &amp; 30 day realized vol is much higher then ETH implied vol! Interesting plays can be made.
Cardano africa
I am not new to crypto, but new to the whole technological aspect of it.
Chainlink 2.0 whitepaper research panel tonight at 5pm ET with co-authors Sergey Nazarov, Ari Juels, Lorenz Breidenbach, and Andrew Miller
Kevin O’Leary: Ethereum is valuable but ‘it’s always going to be No. 2’ to bitcoin
If I very low Gas Price on a tx, will it execute once the network is less congested?
Deep diving on the whitepapers. I want to understand this at its depths.
You know Ethereum - How is your financial Literacy?
Which block will start berlin?
Buterin Donated €585K to Fight With COVID-19 in India
hello friends,here is a real and legit company where you invest with $50 and earn $1000 within 24 hours, ask me for information by email or ask me how
Received more than was sent...?
Decentralized finance revolutionized with native push notification service
The True Power of DeFi: Composability
🌐 Do ".eth" domains offer more features than ".xyz" domains with Ethereum Naming Service?
Looking for someone with a good understanding of ENS contracts for help to deploy on an other blockchain.
Looking for someone with a good understanding of ENS contracts for help to deploy on a other blockchain.
Takeaways from Yearn Finance $YFI’s 1Q21 Earnings Report
Hacking challenge with reward
Best place to cash out in EUR?
A warning about compound and/or miner manipulation
ZKSwap on Twitter
Merchant Tokens to the moon
I want to buy 1 whole eth. should I wait a bit or yolo it right no
gZKS is here!Layer2 DEX ZKSwap Officially Announce Issuing Community Governance Token gZKS
USDT to ETH
Getting into ETH mining but not finding shares
Crazy
CRYPTOWAVES: The Sound of Ethereum
$YELLEN COIN LAUNCH SOON📈📈📈
Quote: About Ethereum by Tyler Winklevoss
[ICO-Presale] CivicPower – Decentralized Voting Application - Complete Review
[ICO-Presale] CivicPower – Decentralized Voting Application
Ethereum Community Center?
ETH @ £2000 for the first time today.
Relay Service
A framework for assessing DeFi’s risk
Welcome everyone to WEEDSWAP.IO - $WEED !
Binance Smart Chain to Ethereum Mainnet question
WANTED!!! wallet issues
Made one of these Crypto price trackers, but with a very annoying twist so you can know when you're losing money in real-time!
Welcome everyone to WEEDSWAP.IO - $WEED !
Could this be possible? #eth vs. #zenon_network
If Ethereum his 4K I will, make a post with my shirt off and show the world these man boobs
Binance vs ethereum
Got a question?
There is Now Over 4 Million ETH Locked in Ethereum 2.0
Please click the link below
B-Datagray is launching a blockchain ecosystem (using Ether?) and doing an airdrop
I just sold 1/3 of my btc and bought bitcoin. When is it estimated that Ethereum 2 will be rolled out?
All in ! Help?
What is considered a dip in price drop?
State of Stake vol. 47
Buy eth now?
New to Eth and crypto shall I invest and hold NOW in eth or wait 2 months till after exams
Ethereum Price Analysis May 2021 | Ethereum Just Keeps Climbing!
Fe v0.4.0-alpha "Diamond" released · ethereum/fe
Blockchain Domains Integrated Into Web Browser Opera In A Major Push For Web 3.0
Gas fees! Is this it?
The most profitable Crypto Mining Equipment on the market! Huge discounts!
THIS ETH FAC­TOR PLAYS A ROLE IN THE 2021 RALLY
Price of ETH when I started looking into it and saved the price performance as a bookmark…man those were the times!!
Look closely on the Cathie Wood's earrings, see ? Did not forget you guys !
10,000 UK Taxis to Take Crypto Payments on Ethereum
The First Layer-2 DeFi Pooling &amp; Yield Farming. Pay No Gas &amp; Stake or Unstake Instantly! 🥷
10,000 UK Taxis to Take Crypto Payments on Ethereum - Decrypt
Banks pumping ETH since they’re late to the party?
As someone who almost have nothing eth, would it be too late?
£2k 🥳
Giveaway 6000(D0ge) D0gec0ins
ETH Aims for $2800 After Asset Manager WisdomTree Lists Ethereum ETP
Welcome new ATH, I Love it
Ethereum just passed 2,000 GBP for the first time!
ETH is outperforming bitcoin, and the trend can continue, according to JPMorgan
ETH just hit 2k for us UK peeps!
Trading ethereum on Webull
Legs spread and ready for you baby
Earn $100 in ETH for learning to program in Solidity
ETH
This is your invitation to fuck my tight asshole 😌 [F]
Ethereum Crosses Market Cap of PayPal
What sellers do you trust when buying mining equipment? There are a lot of scams out their and one also has to look at the fine print. Any leads would be greatly appreciated (and of course, I’ll be further vetting them).
Transferring from Binamce to CEX.io: ETH, BEP2 or BEP20 network?
What does this message mean?
$wBIS farming - Uniswap / Unicrypt
Is it a good point to invest rn in ethereum or should i wait a bit?
Cardano leading the charge against Bitcoin dominance
Are you a beleiver?
ETH... Some Stats...
Portfolio
Kurt Cobain’s last photoshoot to be auctioned off as NFT—but not everyone is pleased with the move
Currently there are both miners and validators on Ethereum?
Selling most of portfolio.
Best way to buy more ETH
HULU finance
Is it too late to go in?
ETH not moving with Bitcoin anymore
Polygon Transactions Explode After DeFi Expansion
Ethereum wallet for Linux with light/low disk space footprint?
I LOVE ETHEREUM!!
Ethereum VS Rivals
Whens the best time to buy ?
I just went a full week without selling any of my positions. My HODL journey is just beginning.
Why Ethereum will be #1 forever
Is still a good time to invest?
Ethereum Crosses PayPal Market Cap
Question: The future of the NFT Landscape
As someone who has been investing in Crypto but is not invested in Ethereum, tell me why you think Ethereum is the future and why you choose it to invest in?
This is just a experimental contract called RoundByRound (♻)
Binance US
Next btc pump
Where is the best place to buy ETH in Europe? I‘m based in Germany and new to all of this.
What is the best place to buy ETH in Europe?
Hello! What are some good wallets in INDIA wheee i can buy and lend eth safely?
Polygon launched a $100M Fund to support DeFi adoption. #DeFiforAll will support DeFi over the coming 2-3 years. Polygon CEO says he wants to support the top DeFi protocols on Ethereum.
Discovered ethereum 3 weeks ago, snowman butts and career advice...
About to invest $5k into Ethereum... first time crypto buyer!
How/can you trace who owns an NFT?
Bought 1.8 Eth at the all time high.
Will ETH market cap ever surpass BTC's?
ETH
Coinbase waitlist for ETH
ETHEREUM IS EXPLODING!!! | $4,000? | How to make 4X more Bitcoin!
END DAY  
Performance Rights Contract
ETH just hit CA$3500!
Ethereum deposit to trezor hardware wallet?
Will I spend more on gas fees if I DCA, then I’d spend buying a full ether upfront?
Cardano Announces Second African Partnership!
Reconciling PoW and PoS rewards question.
Will Another ETH Dip Come?
Ethereum new all time high 2800+
Razor into Oracle MultiChain DApps Security Provider 🌐⚔🌐🚀 Sounds awesome 👀👁👀
Staking?
Need help urgently
Eth Donations accepted for Color the Spectrum Charity
Here’s an Ethereum fan art post! Not a nft, just reimagining my mining rig and love for eth
Color the Spectrum Charity
Flexa Network $
Run, little rabbit, run!!!
To tha 🌕🌕🌖🌗🌘🌒🌓🌔🌕🌕🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
I love this song.
Will I spend more on gas fees if I DCA, then I’d spend buying a full ether upfront?
Best time to buy Ethereum
I did this for the Ethereum community and for all you guys
Blocksize on Ethereum, and in general.
ZKSwap Completed the First Batch of ZKS Burning #zkswap #Ethereum #layer2 #defi #zkrollup #dex #BUIDL
Coinbase staking?
I Need some help with setting up stuff.
Goin’ up!
Index Liquidity: what does it mean?
Useful Digital Identities are Neither Decentralized nor Centralized - they are Localized
TLDR - The Fundamentals of ETH in 2021
I Need some help.
I have several questions!
Is *anything* here truthful??? (unfortunately a friend has been scammed &amp; is trying to find some way to return her funds)
Awesome read on the history of Ethereum, non technical.
Celebrating ETH run with some fan art, reimagining an Ethereum mining rig ♦️hodl fam
HOT 97.7 MIAMI : ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN PARTY
Toddler Hodler 👶🚀
HOT 97.7 MIAMI : ETHEREUM BLOCKCHAIN PARTY
I bought one ETH on 2730$, should I sell when I make 50$ and buy again when it goes down to 2700$ and repeat the same thing ? Or should I stick to it
EIB To Register Bonds On Ethereum As ETH Hits New ATH + More News
Subconscious programming; ethereum BAD! Lol new Netflix movie
BestBuy jackpot. Got (2) 3090 FE
Is there a link to donate ETH for India?
Worth to buy NOW?
Memento Coins?
Is it possible to yield farm without switching ETH for a token?
*** ✅✅ CriptoKrown ✅✅ ***
You all have lost your minds and I have the data to prove it..
Polygon MATIC Solves Ethereum HIGH FEE Problems!! 🚀 ETH Projects Advance 😎
Sorry support
This is ETH... We don’t have dips here
Polygon MATIC Solves Ethereum HIGH FEE Problems!! 🚀 ETH Projects Advance 😎
Watch only mode?
Is there any kind of "watch only" functionality available on Metamask?
Why is ethereum going down today?
Buying is the easy part. HODLing is the hard part.
Found this Ethereum Bat Signal on a walk in south Minneapolis
Ethereum token creation: decimals value
18th Birthday
FUCK, MARRY, KILL 🤑🤑🤑
Trading is mysteriously suspended and someone buys ETC for over a $1 discount. WTF?!
Will be the next BTC and go uppp
Passive ethereum through Bonuses
ETH2 &amp; NFT
EVERY CENT SAVES – If each member of this group donates we can do unimaginable thing to humanity.
I Made an Ethereum Phone Wallpaper for the Community :)
"Why Stellar is the Perfect Blockchain for DeFi" XLM STELLAR is going to be HUGE
Has anyone considered the tax implications of proof of stake and how that will interact with the market?
Super newb to crypto
My biggest question when it comes to PoS security.
RPL raffle tonight!
Ethereum will buy you infinite fun 🎆✨🤩
Send eth to different network on MetaMask
Am I buying stock in the Ethereum network or Ether Currency?
How will Ethereum 2.0 deal with size scalability problems?
ETH - ETH2 the conversion?
ETH - ETH2 the conversation?
What are the best dApp games? How can I have some real fun spending my ETH? Metaverses, prediction markets, anything at all!
ETHEREUM - TEZOS - CHAINLINK (fast and enjoyable price predictions).
What Are Stablecoins, and How Can I Use Them? Are they the future for the Unbanked?
NFT FM - full length music NFTs
Ethereum EIP-1559
AllCoreDevs #112 Twitter Recap 👀
AllCoreDevs #112 Twitter Recap 👀
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
Best place to stake etherium.
Anyone new to developing dapps? I'm hosting a meetup that'll cover its basics! Come learn with us 🤓
ENS Domain Renewal Question
ENS 90 Day Grace Period Still In Effect??
What am I supposed to do with pending transactions on Metamask?
An Eth maximalist?
Hi all, ring new to crypto please can I ask someone to explain the differences between the different types of ETH listed in trust wallet ? I have recently purchased some and wonder which type is best to hold ? Currently it’s all stored as ETH BEP2, does this make any real difference ?? Many thanks
Ethereum is green 🌱 Nimbus on POS energy estimates
https://opensea.io/assets/0x495f947276749ce646f68ac8c248420045cb7b5e/100058992411020230982181393382410116164256804118026301507040278300783621963777
Sorry, We are unable to locate this TxnHash
Vitalik Buterin wanted to build Ethereum on BTC. That ship has sailed. Now, Ethereum services are going to be built on Bitcoin Cash to support cheap ETH transactions and to grow BCH further!
Crypto Bonuses earning potential over 200
eth2 update 014 -- Bison Trails
🚀 WenLambo 🚀
What are your favorite Erc-20 tokens?
Zelcore wallet gone with my old windows ?
Hey guys would love any feedback on a video I made for beginners covering risks of different platforms. BEST and WORST Ways To Buy Cryptocurrency In 2021
Do You Have a pre-Punk OG ENS Name? Here’s a New Tool to Check
Cannot withdraw eth from polygon
Reacting to Stoner TikTok 😂
AllCoreDevs #112 Twitter Recap 👀
AllCoreDevs #112 Twitter Recap 👀
AllCoreDevs #112 Twitter Recap 👀
Zelcore
Ethereum
NFT's environmental cost breakdown?
NFT's environmental cost breakdown?
NFT's environmental cost breakdown?
Can someone please explain yield farming as if I were a 5 year old?
Alchemy Pay is better than Libra
Crypto Currency News Weekly Report|The Latest Crypto News of the Week|BTC Chart Review
Is there any kind of Jobs that pays in Ethereum instead of fiats?
How can I move some ETH I mined a while back
I sent ETH from an exchange and got an out of gas
THE WORLD’S FASTEST 100% DECENTRALIZED AUTO MATRIX PLATFORM!
Wrapped BIS (wBIS) US$0.42
Uniswap ETH-wBIS Pair
🎙️ METACAST: Top Crypto Podcasts of April 2021
ETH-wBIS Pair
Polygon $MATIC Solves Ethereum HIGH FEE Problems!! 🚀 $ETH Projects Advance 😎
Ether Could Hit $10K, FundStrat Says, Touting Network Value Versus Bitcoin
Is it worth it for me to buy 1 ETH right now?
Argent Wallet Rarible Error Signing
Say yes! It all starts with a dream
Lost ETH wallet. Need help. Does anyone happen to know what wallet this is on or what exchange?
This is the first community minted of MetisDAO. These NFT right here consist of 256 pieces of puzzles, which represent 256 communities from around the world and is available now at opensea.
Need help in token creating on BSC
Not an NFT, nor digital art, not perfect, just something I made
2 new questions
Trading?
New piece of week! Star Wars - Princess Leia NFT Portrait - CryptoMovieArts - available on Opensea!
In Uniswap V3, will SWAP methods name be different from V2?
Please explain BETH/ETH2 to me
Ethereum
anyone know the gas fees when moving from one wallet to another ?
Ethereum Help
Is it worth it for me to buy 1 ETH coin right now?
Ethereum mining revenue for the month of April hits new ATH
For the love of god, someone please clear my ERC20 and BEP 20 confusion !!
🆗🆗🆗🆗
Do You Have an OG ENS Name? Here’s a New Tool to Check
Experiment ending with USDT in Metamask what to do?
Ethereum on RH
Ethereum nft — proton marketplace
Best way to invest 100K usd in ETH...
Cryptowatch adds SOCKS as balance sheet asset
Where to start learning?
Over 4 million Ethereum locked in ETH2.0
Alchemy raises $80M at a $505M valuation to be the ‘AWS for blockchain’
Low Code Ethereum Applications - ServiceNow and Provide
In need of some ETH to pay the Gas fees
Big Mistake
1000USD CRYPTO GIVEAWAY ENDING TODAY IN 5 HOURS
Some MORE Ethereum art to celebrate the gains. I call this, “the Ethereum Tapestry”.
Deleting wallet key
EVM and Web3 compatible side chain on BCH goes live!
3,000,000,000,000 $ - Total value of Stablecoins transfered on Ethereum by today!
300,000,000,000,000 $ - Total value of Stablecoins transfered on Ethereum by today!
Are there any dAPPs that are dominating? New Investor
0,094ETH got stuck on harmony mainnet network. Any idea how to move it? I cant send or exchange for ONE.
I just bought some Ethereum, now what?
Basic NFT and Smart Contract Programming?
Untitled - A movement in art
New joiner !
What's your take on Solana?
By 2024, how many top ten coins will be ERC?
BlockFi Deals | Earn Up To A $250 BTC Bonus When You Sign Up and Fund Your New Account. | BlockFi Coupons and Deals for April 2021
Ethereum's Stablecoin market just climbed to a market cap of over 50 billion dollars while the total transfer value in Stablecoins has exceeded the 3 trillion-dollar benchmark!
Is this a problem, miners hard forked ETH?????? WTF??
The first Ethereum dev-merge testnet has gone live
Digital signature uses in NFTs and crypto currency
Data Reveals Over 4 Million ETH Is Now Locked In Ethereum 2.0
Buy Ethereum at 2.7k? I'm new to crypto.
EIP1559 and a decreasing amount of ETH
Best place to stake ETH
POP ART NFTs by TOOMCOOY
Greed
At the end of this Bullrun, will you ?
Is ethereum staking safe?
Just some nice Ethereum art to celebrate the gains. Not an NFT! Just made it for fun :)
Last was was so rough but this week was amazing
First time crypto user
"Rollups"
$YELLEN COIN
Modern day Mist
withdrawing AAVE from binance
Nvidia has reinstated its RTX 3060 Ethereum cryptocurrency mining limit
Is Money Hell on Earth? - NFT from CCYFREE
Nvidia has reinstated its RTX 3060 Ethereum cryptocurrency mining limit
Has there ever been a serious effort to enable the Ethereum platform to host decentralized cloud infrastructure?
Best city/physical location to be in the company of eth devs and projects?
Scam or not?
I’m thinking of finally buying some eth
Looking for blockchain forensic experts
Titanic is about to hit the iceberg and we’re all going to sink but etheruem just hit an all time high so lets get into it
The biggest ico for 2021 comming will be listed on uniswap and pancakeswap after 14day everywhere dont miss it !!
Show your skills on RAZOR MEME contest 🥳 1 day left ♨️
In-Depth: Why Ethereum Outperformed Bitcoin By 55% in Last Month - The Tokenist
DONATE IF U CAN
Me deciding which shit coin to buy. Ended buying both 😂
I am looking to connect with Blockchain developers for a work related thing. Ideally someone who has been in the space for a few years. Please comment below/ping me, if you can help.
Crypto Pumping
Ethereum Technical Analysis for April 30, 2021 - ETH
SO WOMEN!!!! VERY FREEDOM !!!!MUCH RESPECT!!!!! PLEASE SHARE AND REPOST , GO ETHER GOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Will eth mining cease to exist after July's EIP-1559 implementation?
I’d love Vitalic to sing this LOL
⛽️
Exclusive 0 Fee PLUS 2% of Extra Mining Yields: ViaBTC Launches “ETH Mining Party”
TCN PRESALE END SOON!
ELI5: since the explosion of Polygon (MATIC) as L2 solutions for Ethereum, Alot of transactions and liquidity has slowly migrated to L2. Will this affect the Burned rate of ETH after EIP 1559?
How To Trade Ethereum - Different Options Compared
swap/unwrap WETH to get ETH?
[ANN][ORIGIN] ORIGIN is an ERC20 token used to invest in China's stock market.
What is the next step?
Why Metamask cost is higher than UniSwap?
NFT
Is ethereum ever gonna go back to $2300 i want to buy some.
ETH advice
Introducing HarambeCoin
I’ve decided I wanted to buy some Ether
hola amigos, aquí hay una empresa real y legítima en la que invierte con $ 50 y gana $ 1000 en 24 horas, pídame información por correo electrónico o pregúnteme cómo
This sub and its moderators should consider banning ETH price speculation talk.
Anonymous Ether(Need Help!!)
Sell my BTC for more ETH?
if gases prices are low (tanks to eip 1559 and eth) does this risk network congestion?
END DAY  
Ethereum (ETH) and BNB Hit New All-Time Highs - CoinQuora
When will we have a Robin-hood crypto wallet?
Vitalik deserves a Turing award
Do you see it!?🚀🚀🚀
Is there a sub reddit for people who are interested in launching an erc-20 token.
FEG ALPHA!🚀🚀🚀
Left sub at 2k. Now back at 3k. Leaving again.
Trying to buy Ethereum quick but ID verification taking long. How to bypass this?
Be Your Own Boss - Ethereum T-Shirt
Cheers to everyone who stayed up all night to be first to post about ETH hitting $3k
I cant see my etherium in my wallet
What work is being done to ensure client diversity in ETH2?
Does anyone know if keeping ERC20 coins/tokens on Coinbase pro, if u receive the staking rewards? Thanks
I see a 3k eth in the horizon.
Literally
How long does it typically take funds to be deposited on KuCoin?
Would it be stupid to purchase one ETH right now?
Ethereum Technical Analysis for May 2, 2021 - ETH
In desperate need of help. What happened to LEND!?
ETH Staking
How does Ethereum store balances/What data type is used to store balances?
Hey everyone what’s your main source of info about ETH? Looking to learn more but don’t which YouTube channels or webpages to trust. Thanks in advance and soon ETH to 3K!
Do you think ethereum 2.0 will kill ADA?
ETHER ADDED TO PAYMENT OPTIONS!!!
3K ETH by midnight ? Eastern time 🍺
How fast will the ETH supply shrink after the big update ?
Eth purchase help
Questions on Staking
Eth Flippening Dapp Launched
3k ettth on the horizon. "With the warm smell of colitas, rising up through the ether"
3k ETH ...
Can we stop these stupid generic posts on ETH?
Buy more
Oh ETH How Art Though So Good To Hodlers 🥰🥰
Merchant token ICO
I want to COMPLETELY understand Ethereum
How is staking reported for tax purposes?
How does Ethereum discover nodes?
How much would it cost to create an ERC-20 token right now?
I’m hyper about ETH, but it’s good if we all stay informed and skeptical - How valid are these criticisms of Ethereum? Please comment 👍
Token created in "remix.ethereum" can't be purchased in PancakeSwap
What is the max price we can see?
LunarFox
This is probably a stupid question, but how do you join the ethereum network with your computer?
COMMIE COIN
WildRideBSC
Ethereum closing in on $3,000 as Bitcoin eases off the throttle
Ethereum Diamonds Solve These Problems
Beware of Newton Crypto in Canada
wETH, where can a convert this, does it even matter?
Beware of Newton Crypto in Canada
Should I purchase Ethereum on CoinBase, risking it sit there for 2 weeks while I wait for my Ledger Nano X to arrive (in 2 weeks from now)?
Does somebody want to give me their crypto.com referral code?
Can Anyone Identify what Wallet/App this is from this screenshot? Any Help Appreciated
[Infographic] Ethereum is the overwhelming technology of choice for DeFi platforms, and it's not even close. Data pulled from DeFiPulse leaderboard.
Ethereum co-founder Buterin donates $600k in ETH, MKR towards India's Covid-19 relief
Bitcoin, step aside. The price of Ethereum has reached an all-time high
balance without transaction on this eth address
SENDING MY ETHEREUM TO MY LEDGER NANO X NEED SOME GUIDANCE
Somebody that is an expert on Technical Analysis, how do you call this formation?
This community
JP Morgan Detailed Crypto Overview 85 Pages
So now that Chia is becoming a reality, what threat does it pose for Ethereum and how valid are it's claims?
Is it stupid to buy ETH now?
Do you take profits or let it ride?
I made a quick website last night where you can see trending coins on CoinMarketCap, CoinGecko, LiveCoinWatch, and WorldCoinIndex! Updates between 1/2-1 hour
I’m ready to buy an ether coin, what is the safest and most secure way to store my ETH cryptocurrency?
Stuck transaction
Should I sell to invest in ETH?
I made a quick website last night where you can see trending coins on CoinMarketCap, CoinGecko, LiveCoinWatch, and WorldCoinIndex! Updates between 1/2-1 hour
Total return
Stablecoin Supply in Ethereum Boosted 7X: Here's Why | CoinTechn
Is there any difference between eth from external and internal transactions?
$ELON AIRDROP! FREE CRYPTO!
New to ETH..
Can Ethereum consume itself?
New coin hasn't missed it for about an hour. GOLDENMOON
Investment Suggestions
🤠
#AvalonProtocol 50% burnt in less than a week. Don't miss out
Hi everyone, #AvalonProtocol is here, don't miss the biggest airdrop👏🏽💪🏼
New to Ethereum - trying to understand
I am writing a book about DAOs. Any favorite you want to see?
Archive node size?
Are L2 projects going to appreciate in value as ETH gets bigger and more valuable?
I traded my ADA for more ETH
EH2 staking (6.0% APR) --vs-- staking exchange like Celsius, Gemini, BlockFi, etc (approx 2% - 5ish% APY) - which would you choose?
A NICE MAY 1ST STORY
How does everyone feel about buying ETH through paypal?
????
10 signs that $ETH is well on its way to $10K
BitClout Review
Sent ETH from another wallet to Celo wallet on coin base. Did I just lose my ETH forever?
3k ethereum soon! 🚀🚀🚀
Anybody on here staking through coinbase ?
Getting ready to buy 5K in Eth - but it's not dipping!?
Everything is going to work out exactly as it's supposed to
I’ve been impressed by the sustained lower transfer costs, but am I missing something on such low fees today?
ETHEREUM 2.0
Invest in Ethereum or other crypto?
Thought I’d point out the obvious. Lots of well informed people on here but also some that are not - do your research
Over the next year who will perform better ETH or BTC?
Does ETH need to be on same address as ERC-20 token to be used as gas?
Confused about ETH2 staking rewards.
The most expensive NFT
It just doesn’t stop growing!!
Finally off of the waitlist 🔥🚀
New ethereum owner here. Just went in for 4 coins! Woot woot
Congratulations everyone!
Bill Maher...
Smart contract validation
ETH staking
Ethereum disappeared
Who’s borrowing?
Soon the price will reach the target.Working out the script.
Where to buy Alt coins??
When will Ethereum smash 3000$?
Beginner question: Do I have to do something about ETH 2.0?
Experience with Kraken
USDC help
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 2 Left
What is the best way to invest or own ETH?
anyone questioning Vitalik's stance on Vaccines?
Opinion: Ethereum - The Beginning Of A Long Journey
How does the ETH Dev process work?
Question about buying
Ethereum 2.0 Merger Devnet Completes Successfully
Someone emptied my wallet. Help!
My wallet was just emptied (stolen) in 3 transactions
EasyBooster
Plz its a request, do understand me and dont judge me directly
Mercado Libre accepts BTC, University of Wyoming stakes shitcoins, ETH vs. BNB: To the Moon ep. 10
Four questions to judge any L2
When to make a transaction?
What are your thoughts on Ethereum and its big surge?
What will happen with the miners once ETH 2.0 is released?
When the bear market comes, how low is the ETH floor?
Noob question
POP ART NFTs For Collectors by TOOMCOOY
Crypto Wallet
Ethereum Moves Toward ETH 2.0 With ‘Super Experimental’ Testnet
The IRS Wants Help Hacking Cryptocurrency Hardware Wallets
Out of all the addictions I ever had putting money into crypto is my funnest!
Merchant processing on Ethereum
When will ETH reach $3000?
Mining pools
Spread the word. Free MoonChain Airdrop. You can also buy, minimum of 0.01 bnb
Will Etheruem crash at some point soon?
Ethereum has finally crossed the 2k mark...... (pounds)
#lever A great project!
Another ATH and gas fees dropping?? Ether = ULTRA sound money? Thoughts...
blocsport1
What the coolest new Dapp? Im talking in Dev or that just came out.
Leading payment processor for taxi companies in scandinavia adopts the Ethereum blockchain as a payment option in over 20,000 taxis in scandinavia and 10,000 taxis in the UK.
Tezos is the real deal???
Giant Market Research Company: Ethereum Could Reach $ 10,500!
Trying to sell an NFT and coping up with the fee, fee and fees
Giant Market Research Company: Ethereum Could Reach $ 10,500!
We are early
How to create offline cold wallet for Altcoins?
BtcLoop (NFT)
Which stave coin do you recommend?
How can a wallet have more in it's token balance, then what was transacted to it??? It dosen't make sense to me at all.... please help
What's the minimum amount of money I can buy for ethereum?
Worst to best investment
Sell at 3k?
Do you guys take profits tben rebuy during dips. How much and when? Shared thoughts greatly appreciated....🎉🎉🎊🎊🏆🏆
What’s the point of owning 1 Ethereum? Can it really reach the levels that will make someone a millionaire ten or twenty years down the road?
Buy or wait?
What's this fee about?
https://u.today/ethereum-rises-to-2846-all-time-high-as-rally-continues#google_vignette
Some questions regarding geth nodes hardware for best perfs
hbu
I sell ethereum with PayPal Best price!
Funds sent from Binance to metamask using BSC do not appear?
Can we license our open-source codes like Uniswap v3? I am sick off with this copycat projects.
Am I wasting chances?
How high could ETH go?
Help for a silver surfer.
Dollar cost average
Tech Token Network ( $TCN ) PreSale Ends on 5th May Hurry Up!
Is Ethereum likely to reach $3,000 an ether within the next 3-5 days?
Ethereum in uptrend still, the sky is the limit
I am sick off with this copycat projects
Ethereum Faces Rejection At $2,800, Consolidates Above $2,700 Support
Should I stake my eth
Eth vs Card
I am sick off with this copycat projects
Best place to hold ETH
Just bought a teeny weeny bit of ETH and was thinking about buying a little more, am I too late?
I sick off with this copycat projects
Shots Fired
What's a Difficulty Bomb?
Where is the best place for me to better my knowledge about Ethereum/crypto world
Got new t-shirt. KEEP HODLING 🙌💎🙌
conquest.eth alpha (testnet) is live!
What do you think price would be when the bear season hits?
ERC20 token $MINI miniswap thoughts
Cross-sharing here because hopefully someone big-brain can save me rip
Ethereum May Be the Backbone of the Future Financial System
Will I spend more on gas fees if I DCA, then I’d spend buying a full ether upfront?
Here’s Why One Analyst Thinks ETH Is Headed for $10K
Gwei price transaction time graph. What is wrong?
ETH Gas Fees Are Astronomically High Right Now - What Gives?
Will I spend more on gas fees if I DCA, then I’d spend buying a full ether upfront?
What is wrong with this graph? Transaction processing time/Gwei oaid
Best Cryptocurrency Exchange Trading Platform
Gas price question, what's wrong with this graph?
Are we not going to talk about 700gwei gas fees for many people?
Buy or sell or hold?
Introducing zkDAI into the Aztec Private Rollup
Coinbase is a scam
1000 Coin boost for Ethereum mining
Let’s celebrate this ATH!!
If I buy 100 dollars eth will the gas fees be a lot when I sell it at let's say 1 eth = $ 3500/- or $ 10,000/-?
Ethereum's Biggest Pro is Also One of It's Biggest Cons
Macro Guru Raoul Pal Says Ethereum Adoption Mirrors Bitcoin – Here's How High ETH Could Go This Cycle
What are the reasons that Ethereum will crash and or fail? Is it even likely?
Ethereum: The Upcoming Triple Halvening
Dinero fácil
Buying ETH struggles....
whats the best ethereum block explorer for accuracy. etherscan isnt that accurate for older data
This is what Im talking about!!
roots - IJ Visuals
No cap
Please stop
Ethereum Price Closes April Above Record High of $2,800
Will Eth2 still utilize side chains?
Twitch Crypto Tracker with RSI indicators
Ethereum just mined it's 12345678th block!
Will I spend more on gas fees if I DCA, then I’d spend buying a full ether upfront?
Ethereum's Upcoming Triple Halving and Ultra Sound Money - A Research Report
END DAY  
Does Ethereum have a smallest unit of measure akin to a Satoshi? Asking for a futurist.
What are Ethereum's faults/vulnerabilities?
One of the best comics on the planet believe in the power of ETH. Gang.
Regret selling my ETH
I can’t believe what I’m seeing 🤪 ETHERUM passed 3000$
New crypto group to talk free about any crypto project
When should I buy in?
$Etherum officially break $3000 🚀🚀
ETHEREUM To $5,000 - Surpasses Disney Market Cap!
$3,000
All the tweeting birds know a tsunami is coming
How about quit short selling it for 1 week and see what it can do?
What a journey!! I started investing in Crypto exactly one month ago, 75% in ETH and I can’t be happier with the progress, I know I came in a good time and that there will be challenging times but it don’t matter cause I’m here for the long run!! HODFL 🚀🌙🔥
Should I get some ADA or ETH? And why?
Gas fees
Gas fees
Next stop the mooooon
;-)
Is it too late to get ETH since the price is now 3k?
Where were you at 9:29 EST?
Once we go PoS, where will people buy Ether to run their dapps?
Sending you all a invitation to join our new discord server dedicated mainly to crypto! However we are a inclusive server that has chat rooms of all general forms of topics! Weekly airdrops, TA experts, coin analysis, etc...
More ETH?
The Head of Funding at the European Union's investment bank EIB, calls Ethereum technology "Revolutionary" -- Bloomberg
How long to send a Ethereum
When You Sell 163,700 Dogecoin at $.01 🤢
I want to thank my brother..
3k the second it happened. Let's take a moment to celebrate!
On 27 April 2021, the EIB launched a digital bond issuance on a blockchain platform, deploying this distributed ledger technology for the registration and settlement of digital bonds, in collaboration with Goldman Sachs, Santander and Societe Generale.
$3,000 🔥
ETH to 3K! So what now?
When will Ethereum take a dip again ??? Any guesses ???
Manage your keychains with BIP84 for Ethereum
Creates BIP84 keychains for Ethereum
ETH &gt; $3000 👏🏽💎🚀
ETH 4000
Highest ethereum could go 2021 EOY?
Go Go Go 🚀🚀🚀
3k dip?
A month ago today on April 2nd, Eth broke the $2K barrier, here we are on May 2nd breaking the $3K barrier. Where do we go from here?
What is the state of the art of politically motivated DAOs?
Ethereum VS Bitcoin
3K milestone baby 🚀🚀🚀 Does anyone expect a small correction soaring to the moon again?
I’m learning from my mistakes as someone who would always bail on crypto. This could go up to 10k a coin and I’ll still hold, just love to see this paying off it’s really cool. Just BUY and just HOLD.
ETH hits over €2500.
3000 Baby!!!!! Keep holding!!!!
Buy now or wait for a dip
Well done, Vitalik
Where to next
3k mark has been breached! Woohoo
Making history
How to Play the Ethereum Game?
ETH HITS 3K!
3k. We did it!
"Mother Of Pearl, They've Breached"
Ethereum just hit 3k!
$3,000 ladies and gentlemen
Another milestone!
It happened!
Oh boi!
3k eth
ETH passes 3000$ USD!
Nice!
3K BABY
Big milestone for Ethereum - $3000 ! 🎉
ETH 1-3 Year Price Target
It’s happening
To the moon 📈
Eth 👀
3000 ETH!
Ethereum made it to 3k!!!
$3k!!
3K Milestone! Pack your bags baby
3K
Best crypto docuseries?
3000 smackeroos
Boom
3000!!!
3K 🔥🔥🔥🔥
3000
ether has hit 3k
1 ETH = 3000 USD
Ethereum just passed the $3,000 for the first time ever.
It's finally heeereeee
We just broke $3000 🚀🌙
3000. Hit
Resources for learning Ethereum internals?
$3,000
Is there possibility that we’ll hit 3k$ tonight? :(
Should i or not
I’m about to buy my first Etherum. I’m I too late?
Question on purchasing
It's being eaten and stole
Ethereum Reaches 4k Australian Dollars 🚀 🌙
feels good
Two letters
Is cryptocurrency a transference of wealth scheme? Are we all falling for a trap?
$3000! Congrats everyone :)
Anyone else watching ETH flirt with 3K, minute by minute?
3,000 ✅
THE KEY: to making crypto grow (no matter which coin you’re rooting for)
$3000 Dang!
Ethereum Founder Vitalik Buterin Supports Dogecoin, Flexes Doge on Shirt 👕
3000
What are the best ways to spend etherium?
I was under the impression ETH 2 was just going to update ETH, not become a separate coin. Can someone explain this?
Let’s Break this resistance level
Help me convince my company to setup a ETH2 validator
ETH crosses 3k!!! 🍾
ETH NOW ACCEPTED AS PAYMENT!
In it for the long haul should i stake all my Eth have about 50
Ethereum futures contract
Just had all of my 43 ETH stolen
I'd love to hear your opinion is 65 Ethereum enough to get me a 400,000 dollar retirement home?
Is Staking 32 eth like mining on your own?
Eth at almost 3k. I can't afford much right now so I made this to remind myself to keep going. I believe in this technology. Here is to the future of this technology
They are coming for your crypto
What is the best the best internet site to stake ethereum in Canada ?
Currency Token on Ethereum
Favorite DAPPS?
Robinhood
The Mitchells vs. The Machines on Netflix shows Ethereum taking over the world
I have an idea for a change to proof of stake, just wanted to hear opinions.
Should I cancel my UniSwap exchange if it's pending 9 hours later?
The real ether
What is the safest way of buying ethereum? I read a lot of information online, including that buying off a platform such as Etoro will not mean you own your Ethereum. So is it better to buy if from a trading platform or other websites? Thanks
$MARI $MARIJUANA
Trust wallet to stakewise
Real question 🙋‍♂️
ETH 2.0. Deposit Contract Value Hits $10 Billion-Plus All-Time High
The end of the mining
The end of the mining
Hummmmmmmm
Happy ETH $3,000 day!
Will it dip if it hits 3k?
A bit of history around the creation of Ethereum ... good to know
Why does it say eth crossed 3k on crypto.com but not coinbase?
A bit of history around the foundations of Ethereum .... good to know
The world is not ready for Ethereum yet
Beware. #ironyman coin scamming people. I got banned for calling them out. Pass it on
The world is not ready for Ethereum yet
I made an app to buy influencers tokens and sell when their value goes up.
With ETH breaking highs why are the fees significantly lower than they were like a month or two ago?
With ETH breaking highs why are the fees significantly lower than they were like a month or two ago?
need help for my dear brother
Who decides for anything in Ethereum?
Sent ETH NucleusVision (nCash token) and it is lost??? PLEASE HELP
For US Crypto users that want to learn more about the Laws and Legal System - National Paralegal College offers Free Video Courses that come with Free Exams that award "Digital Badge" credentials with Credly
Ethereum Rescue With Dan Robinson
The times they are a changin...
Ethereum $3,000
Correction coming?
Any info on TrueBit Protocol?
RealT Weekly Recap
😳
ETHER PAYMENT METHOD ADOPTION!
Staking on Coinbase vs BlockFi
Tomb of Yaqub Leys Saffari
me watching the 1 min chart right now
Staking for ethereum 2
Do you think ethereum would be helpful with this new economicc system? It's better than capitalism.
Is open (as opposed to private) finance fundamentally cheaper for the participants?
Looking for the latest on DAO creation and development resources
Why isnt this board spamming about Truebit right now ???
ETH "Stock Split" to improve UX?
ETH "Stock Split" to improve UX?
ETH "Stock Split" to improve UX?
Can I do anything with a raspberry pi?
my USDC stuck on trust wallet without gas fees, I need help please, i can't buy eth with my debit card because cryptos are banned from my country, please help, i will send it back.
Finally I’m Off of the Waitlist Let’s Go!!!
Best Video for a beginner for an introduction in Ethereum
Just got off the waitlist on coinbase
Question regarding ETH2 staking on Coinbase?
Merels on the Blockchain
Ethereum Price Prediction Ethereum 2.0 Ethereum Live [May] - Ethereum Ca...
Ethereum developers have launched an ETH 2.0 Testnet called Steklo. Ethereum is gradually moving from Proof-of-Work to Proof-of-Stake. Ethereum recently reached a new all-time high of just under $3,000.
Drop in Ethereum nodes
This is why we can't have nice things... unreasonable fees to a actually *USE* ETH
Zero calculated hashrate
Reason ETC price increase recently?
Best place to buy ETH in the EU ?
what is the best way to benefit from ETH 2.0 before it launches?
A potential use case for decentralized communication (DeCom)?
Best desk eth wallet
My first NFT drop
Ankr vs Rocketpool for staking?
How do I send my ethereum from Binance to Metamask? (Want to sell NFTs on Opensea)
Redditors who are knowledgeable and researched on Ethereum. I would like your opinion. IEP 1559 update seems like a big deal. What are the biggest benefits to this update? And what in your personal opinion realistically will happen to the value after in detail?
Here are those scam adverts I seen on YouTube. Yes adverts.
New Rule: Crypto Mania! | Real Time with Bill Maher (HBO)
These Spectacular Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 2 Remaining
Is Eth2 being written from scratch?
DELETE IF NOT ALLOWED. Starting a new subreddit page r/CryptoBroadcast for your daily cryptocurrency news updates! Everything from Bitcoin to Altcoins and even Blockchains! Feel free to join and thank you for taking the time to read this ♥️ #CryptoBroadcasting
NFT: The new decentralized economy?
Gas feed
Gas fees
Ethereum staking - Our First Explanatory Video - BloxStaking (Warning: Shilling ahead)
Is a big sell off coming?
If you have any altcoins you wouldn't mind losing, try using them here.
What if you invested earlier? This page tells you exactly
Ethereum could perhaps be used to resolve geopolitical conflicts
Decentralized Identity Starts With Owning Your Name
Transferring Bitcoin Into Ethereum
Open src wallet?
Quantum computing. Is it a foregone conclusion, and what is being done about it?
Dynamics of transaction inclusion
The Golden State Warriors are the first pro sports team to release an official NFT collection
Ethereum core?
Buy Eth with Low Fees
Etherum core wallet?
MEV is not inevitable, it is a network vulnerability that we must fix.
Can someone send me $1 or 2 dollars of ethereum, I need it for an exchange?
I had a nightmare last night
Best open source wallet
Why did node count has dropped by over 50% recently?
Right after few hours we will begin an auction! You have enough time to totally fall in love with our ARTWORK!
HEY BBY BOY!🥴😎
Is there a way to like fix these queued transactions? Or can i never use this wallet again?
Can an ERC20 token have the following uses?
Ethereum Prepares to Hit $3000 ATH Anytime Soon - CoinQuora
What happens to my ETH when ETH 2.0 is released?
Decentralized social media app (DAPP)
Dogecoin/Elon destroyed my belief of Bitcoin as a store of value. Now only invest in Ethereum. Here's why
Hello Crypto Community, come join us at CryptoPumpWorld to Grow Your Wealth in Unity, Together.
Taking a chance on classic?
NFTs – Exploring Infrastructure, Usability, Role in DeFi, And Questions About Ownership
Green Token: Could ETH be carbon negative?
Green Token: Could ETH be carbon negative?
Green Token: Could ETH be carbon negative?
Here's a nice Ethereum wallpaper for you! I hope you like it! :)
Ethereum Watch-Only wallet?
Green Coin: Could ETH be carbon negative?
Is Ethereum going to hit $1m in a few years as it takes over the global economy?
Debut NFT out now on Rarible! https://rarible.com/token/0x60f80121c31a0d46b5279700f9df786054aa5ee5:926489:0x7a49a60abbe48d1c9b873f04b517bb4a6389b8dc?tab=details
Sent Matic Tokens that was showing up as BNB in my Metamask account to my Binance BNB account using Matic Mainet. Did I lose my tokens forever? Can I retrieve the tokens that was sent in error?
Kurt Cobain’s Last Photoshoot Collection Goes up for Auction as an NFT
Should I invest in Etherium classic
Investing under 18
What would happen to NFT I bought on ETH 1.0, once 2.0 is released?
Loredana's Lab AMA-AMP (taylor, ark, decentralized content distribution). I hope the consensus machine will join us and the world will be as one.
Ethereum -&gt; cat game fun nevrr endz
0.3 ETH
Ethereum 2.0 Progresses As Developers Launches Super Experimental Testnet
Invest in Ethereum
Fighting wasps – limited edition ultra rare 10/10
ZK-Rollup development experience sharing, Part I
Wait till Warren tells Jessica$
What APY can I expect by staking ETH 2.0? Where should I stake?
California: how do I take out a loan against my ethereum?
#StopEIP1559 is wrong because tipping is racist
Hope it drops back down to 1k soo I can buy more!!!
ETH gas is the lowest it has been for a long time even before EIP 1559!
Does ETH or ETH 2.0 have an impact on ETC?
Metamask
Almost at 1 ETH!
Is it too late to start investing in ethereum?
MEW to Kraken problem.
help
Taxes different countries
Is the next dip falling below 2500/2600? What is your opinion? Thanks
Staking on Binance
Lever Network Launches It's Mainnet
Tech Token Network ( $TCN ) PreSale Ends Few Days Left Hurry Up!
I need to chill
ETH2.0 price prediction
Do i pay tax?
This platform for investing in cryptocurrencies the safe way and the easiest . Good for beginners and professionals
Question on importing wallet - Coinomi to TrustWallet
Is it a good idea to buy eth now or should I wait?
Cheapest way to swap btc on a ledger to eth , changelly is expensive
3 years ago i took a partime job for a crypto company
I found this rock on the beach today and it reminded me of the Ethereum logo. I will take it as a sign to HODL my Ether.
I just can’t go to sleep until I see Eth break the 3k mark tonight! Is it just me?
Ethereum
Is it too late to buy Ethereum?
Is there a crypto app that...
Latest NFT ( Ethereum Goddess)
I just completed a sizable ETH transfer in 30 seconds for a total of $1.84
Ridiculous? There's a Tiktok "Ayo" girl Ethereum NFT now.
Bought my first eth. Not much... but the empire begins!!!!
Is it too late to buy Ethereum?
30 referrals to MOST POPULAR crypto wallets and exchanges with OVER $1000 to get FOR FREE!!!
END DAY  
This podcast got me so excited about Blockchain and Ethereum
When should I sell?
Staking ETH through Lido
Will new ETH stop being made.
🚀🔫 May the fourth be with you (STARWARS) [1 hour old] [$20,000 market cap] [Deflationary Burning at the speed of the Millennium Falcon] 🔫🚀
Staking ETH through Lido
Look how far we have come in 6 months. Amazing results
Quick question
Is it still possible to split your eth from etc?
Transferring ETH to NEXO
XRP to ETH
ETH wallet
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
Ethereum surges past $3400 over decreased fees, increased adoption
Is this a good time to buy Etherem?
Etherium price
Why do ALL coins seems to DIP at the same time?
Quick question I sent $100 worth of eth to my trust wallet..
Where is Ethereum 1.5?
I got scammed
I got Scammed
I got scammed
Is ethereum a safe investment
I got scammed: HELP?
IBM needs to buy the scam coin from the boy who won’t make that blockchain. “100x coin”
We all can relate
Coinex
Bought just now only put 500 in got like .15 of a share is this stupid it’s all I can really afford right now
Anyone knows how to active my gpu? Already checked device manager and updated driver. Thanks in advance
Switzerland Token ! Now 10x --&gt; 100x coming soon
I think it's time to allow price discussion on ethereum main reddit. If my posts which got deleted caused this, that means either someone agrees with what's going on or that's just a huge sell. This could get bad and I was honestly here to promote legitimacy but it may get painful legitimately
13 ETH was deliberately burned on Oct 15th (0x0000dead)
While ethereum breaking 3000 bitcoin forming a lower high, is the party over? 🤔
GridPlus Latice1 Firmware v0.10.6 Released: Easy Use of Non-Standard HD Paths (Ledger Live &amp; Legacy) and Now the 1st and Only Hardware Wallet with Native EIP-712 Support
Missing ETH
Sent ETH to myself and it is lost
What is the benefit of being a validator?
Ethereum is almost single-handedly keeping my portfolio green.
How Long Do I Wait?
So who transferred!?🤔
Ebay Exploring Crypto Payments &amp; NFT Auctions - Ethereum Moonshot To $3,400 &amp; Mogo Buys Ether
$420Coin
How Much Have You Invested in Ethereum?
When will the momentum stop!
💣💥 LAST CHANCE TO GET IN – MASSIVE REAL WORLD UTILITY – BOMBSHELL FUNDAMENTALS – FIRST MEGA DEAL APPROVED – FIRST PARTNERSHIP CONFIRMED – LAST ICO HOURS TICKING ⏰💥🚀 – SH*TCOINS, HONEYMOON IS OVER 🤷‍♂️
Will there be an Ethereum 2.0 Whitepaper, same as the 2013 one from Vitalik?
Ethereum is the most valuable asset in the world.
What is better in Gemini buy Ether and transfer to earn interest or not?
I mean, what the actual fuck?!?
Sold my LiteCoin last week to buy a Ethereum. Best decision of my nascent crypto investing adventure.
Currently reading this book which is pretty recent aka when ethereum was 150$
Holy mother of God!
Upside/Downside of ETH2 staking (and APR) over traditional savings
Lol
Sent ETH from exchange to wallet but transaction failed
Ethereum to the moon!!! 70.9% Buying on Coinbase as of 3:49pm
Possible to Roll Partial 401k into ETH Tax Exempt?
My NFT
Ethereum $3450
Buy ETH on Wealthsimple or Crypto.com?
SoFi credit card to offer Bitcoin and Ethereum rewards
Staking ETH???
Why is ethereum going up so high?
How I feel about my fiat after selling last Friday for mid $2600s
ETH - To Buy or Not To Buy?
Ethereum and tax
Could Ethereum hit 20k this year?
Ethereum 2.0 Questions
💣💥 LAST CHANCE TO GET IN – MASSIVE REAL WORLD UTILITY – BOMBSHELL FUNDAMENTALS – FIRST MEGA DEAL APPROVED – FIRST PARTNERSHIP CONFIRMED – LAST ICO HOURS TICKING ⏰💥🚀 – SH*TCOINS, HONEYMOON IS OVER 🤷‍♂️
HODLing ETH
Get $25 after trading $100 of Crypto !!
My Soulcraft
First time using ENS. Can I use one adress to buy multiple ENS's and then assign them to different addresses? Or should I connect with each adress and buy one ENS for each one separately?
Ethereum peaked??
Too late to buy?
If I own an NFT of a thing, can I change the thing?
Ethereum Transaction failed due to out of gas . But I never received my token back to my kucoinWallet . Can someone help how to get my ETH back ?? #ethereum
Here are some nuggets of edge! If you would like to indulge in some ETH &amp; BTC analysis. We have a weekly newsletter we would like to provide to our users or whoever may be in need of some Crypto edge. Ethereum options are/were cheap! Ethereums skew is very positive while BTC is not so much.
About time someone said it!
Reset soon?
Can anyone help me access an old wallet, full story inside
Will converting ETH1 to ETH2 be a taxable event?
Scam sent directly as ad, on Youtube. Youtube must be stupid who doesn't understand that these scammers are scamming peoples for millions, The video on right is real but Vitalik Buterin and co. don't know that someone is using their video in a scam.
Me waiting to buy the dip on ETH
Smart Contract Question
Staking ETH on Binance
Does Ethereum have an intrinsic value?
I will never buy ethereum again because of your inability to "accept" downtrends
Scam sent as ad on youtube, can't understand why youtube cant ban these guys, yes I know the video at left Vitalik Buterin and co is put there without them even knowing,
ETH 🚀
Why has it gained this much?
CryptoDivine.ai - Take the stress out of trading Bitcoin and Ethereum today
DiffEx - Smart Contract Based Options
When do i buy?
Considering buying a full Ethereum
Ethereum will have a bigger market cap than Bitcoin.
Maybe my best investment this year
The perfect amount of gains over the last day.
Playing games now feels expensive and wasteful
What do you think about the crypto app
DAO Talk - Open-stage Clubhouse chat about the creative destruction of centralized governments. Ending our Reliance on Nation States. May 4th 16:30 UTC
From doge to eth
💣💥 LAST CHANCE TO GET IN – MASSIVE REAL WORLD UTILITY – BOMBSHELL FUNDAMENTALS – FIRST MEGA DEAL APPROVED – FIRST PARTNERSHIP CONFIRMED – LAST ICO HOURS TICKING ⏰💥🚀 – SH*TCOINS, HONEYMOON IS OVER 🤷‍♂️
Strongly considering buying a single Ethereum
ETH addiction
Before you take profits remember this...
SHOULD YOU BUY ETHEREUM AT $3,000?! ($10K Price Target)
Should I get in on ETH
Project aiming to become the Nasdaq of the Metaverse, launching soon. Revolutionary NFT-Defi merger
I've been loving waking up to these every morning
Been loving waking up to these every morning
Good
Buy now or wait till it dips under 3k?
Coinbase Staking
Predictions
Crypto for the homeless - 5/3/21 pizza trip - also some info for newcomers
Sold at 1700 -_-
The ETH DeFi Ecosystem
What is the reason for EIP-1559?
Eth $100,000 let’s go!!!
7 MILLION NEW ETHEREUM ADDRESSES WERE CREATED IN THE FIRST 4 MONTHS OF 2021: WSJ
MENTIONS OF ETHEREUM IN THE NEWS SURGED IN THE SPRING OF 2020: WSJ
💣💥 THIS TOKEN BRINGS MASSIVE REAL WORLD UTILITY – BOMBSHELL FUNDAMENTALS – FIRST MEGA DEAL APPROVED – FIRST PARTNERSHIP CONFIRMED – LAST ICO HOURS TICKING NOW ⏰💥🚀 – SH*TCOINS, HONEYMOON IS OVER 🤷‍♂️
Node or not.
Anyone that can send me 9 testnet ETH on goerli?
Smart contract development survey [research study]
Swap question, advice
BILL GATES DIVORCE
Gains from Ethereum are more fulfilling than from Dogecoin!
Layer 2 Scaling
Will Ethereum catch Bitcoin in price?
Just launched a new project! Picasso Bored Apes, 25 new NFTs every day, and a weekly GIVEAWAY!
Pending transaction for 4 plus hours
🎯 I TOLD YOU SO - SPECTACULAR NEWS - BEST 2021 ICO ⚡ YOU CAN STILL BE PART OF IT. LAST CALL !!
Measuring impact of NFT sales to ETHer price
When you want to get distracted from crypto and you choose the wrong game.
For everyone asking if they should buy...
Staking 2.0
Join me on NDAX to start trading BTC, ETH, LTC, LINK, USDT, XRP, EOS, DOGE, ADA, and XLM on Canada's most secure exchange with 0 deposit fees and 0.2% trading fees. --Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
WindingTree is a non-profit funded by the crypto community to kill travel middlemen, which ravage the earnings of entrepreneurs in the tourism industry. They also launched a bot to allow businesses to have sovereign blockchain identities. I interviewed their COO, a really cool dude, check it out!
I put a $1000 in let’s go!!!
I make crypto art here is "Time For Ethereum" Moonables #020
Ethereum’s 27-Year-Old Co-Creator Is Now The World’s Youngest Crypto Billionaire
Does Ethereum run partially on AWS or Infura servers?
One of the most significant side-effects of the rise of crypto - and Ethereum specifically - is we're *finally* giving everyone a public/private key pair. Here's what this means
Maybe my best investment this year
SwissBorg community app
Is my take on Eth right ??
fuck this subreddit
this subreddit is dead
Will Eth 2.0 be using some modified version of the avalanche protocol?
Is there a way to get Eth exposure to my IRA? Perhaps an ETF?
Staking ETH2
Is there anyway to get Ethereum exposure to my IRA? Perhaps an ETF?
Is Ethereum creating a digital global consiousness?
After three years of denying and basically hating cryptocurrency 5 days ago I woke up and actually put my first money into it it, and 80% of my money was into ETH.
How can I transfer ERC-20 wallet to Etherum Mainnet without a fee?
Ethereum’s 27-Year-Old Co-Creator Is Now The World’s Youngest Crypto Billionaire
One world currency
My new beyblade arena was a sign
I feel so bad rn. Sold all my ethers prematurely
Mining
Bitcoin dominance below 50% for the first time in 3 years as Ether surges
Any other smart contract platforms you guys like or feel has a future?
Buy or wait.
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News!
Eth is about to crash out...
NFT Interoperability
JUST BOUGHT ONE COIN AT ATH. YOLO BABY
Blockchain Ecosystem Expert Course
Incoming dip to buy in? Im going all out and buying a full token to start..
New Defi Project On BSC YogurtFinance
Real estate Tokenization
Ethereum co-founder Vitalik Buterin becomes billionaire as Ether hits $3K 🎉🚀🌕
Beginner Building On ETH
NFT Interoperability
Should I buy stock in EUR or Dollars
Ether Hits $3,000 as Vitalik Buterin Officially Becomes Billionaire
Why do we want Etherium to become deflationary?
Oh baby the dip is here
Anyone holding ethereum on Binance ?
Should I invest 5k this week?
I just realized 1 ETH is about the same as 1 share of Amazon now.
Any of you fine folks invested in ETH miner Hive??
Let’s goooo
Great timing for my transmission to explode!
Will Ethereum dip below 3000 again?
So when actually POS will phase out mining?
Newbie here
I’m new 👋🏼
How can Ethereum tokens such as Maker (MKR) worth more than Ether? ETH sits at $3,325 while MKR is at $5,701
Shut the front door...🔥
Just bought 20 minutes ago and look at me now
Is it better to separate solidity projects from the UI?
UniV3
If Ether continues pumping, I may very well consider taking a little profit for Reddit premium to contribute to this wonderful platform.
When should I buy ETH now? Waiting for the dip
Coinbase Staking
Help
Deflationary ETH...
Upset I could not buy more..
I’ve never been so conflicted in wanting the price to continue to climb and also wanting it to drop so I can buy some more...
Is $1500 too little for defi?
Ethereum on the block chain app
Selling MJ for ETH - Anyone know best place to sell cards for ETH/other crypto? I have 1986 Fleer Michael Jordan Rookie PSA 8 (OC) that I would like to sell and possibly some others of not as high value
ethereum using the blockchain app
Ethereum stake
Whats your thoughts?
Why do I need atlest 32 ETH to stake it from MyEtherWallet?
for all the ETH hodlers ❤️❤️❤️ cheers and love in this crypto world
Part of deposit to Kraken missing
Just bought in at the ATH because I'm no bitch
Celebrate 3k ETH with your very own pair of Vitlak Buterin legs!!!
Trying to invest for the first time, but my wallet doesn't have my bank listed
Anyone worry about ETH from a software standpoint.
Ethereum market cap is now $379,243,774,848.
Will there be a significant dip soon?
Umm Yeah, one of my portfolios.. Crazy.. 3 to 5 years retiring for life.. ETH for life...
Sold my BTC for ETH
ETH worth more than BAC
Thoughts on ethereum passing Bitcoin?
How Secure is Eth?
DiffEx, Smart Contract Based Options Trading for ERC20 Tokens!
Maybe my best investment this year
Just made this little thing for fun last night.
How long will this bull cycle last?
A friend who's under 18 wants to buy Ethereum
Buildin listed on Coingecko
ETH/BTC looks fireeee
How long does it take to mine 1 ETH
Ethereum just hit $3,300 USD.
ETH reaches $4,000 CAD!!
Coinbase asked me to stake my ETH.. I'm new. kinda.. what is that, and why should I?
Dang. ETH keeps going. 🚀🔥🤷‍♂️
Based on a true story...
Buy Ether or Other Tokens?
I now own 1 full Ethereum
Newton $25 Referral Code
Add to your calendar Ethereum (ETH) event: London Hard Fork - July 31, 2021
ETH staking
Beginning my Ethereum journey, should i wait for a correction or just start investing in Eth asap?
Buy now?
3.25k ATH
Advice
Literal Blood Money
Can someone explain proof of staking and what’s likely to happen to the price of Eth when it comes in?
GO ETH 💪
I make crypto art here is "Time For Ethereum" Moonables #020
Any idea how to view the EIB issuance on the blockchain?
Posted about ETH in a BTC sub, I feel sad for that group
Introducing akasha.ethereum.world 🥳
I’ve been waiting for ETH to crash so I can buy the dip.
DeFi Report Q1 2021 -- Consensys
Based on a true story...
ETHEREUM To 10000 Dollars ...
Help
🚀 Ethereum ha superado los 3.200 dólares 💥 y su cofundador, Vitalik Buterin, ya tiene más de 1.000 millones de dólares en Ethereum. Es multimillonario a los 27 años. Aquí la noticia completa
Is it bad if i buy ethereum now that its at its ATH of $3000?
Staking on Bitstamp
Ebay CEO says they are exploring how they can enable selling NFTs on Ebay
Ark invest is optimistic yet cautious of ethereum... very interesting. (Weekly email ARK)
Bitcoin has the Satoshi unit. Ethereum should have his own too. What about a "Vitalik"?
Test
Ethereum above $3,000: a new all-time high
Bitcoin has the Satoshis unit, Ethereum should have his own too. What about a Vitalik?
Token not appearing trustwallet
Ethereum Test Drives ETH 2.0 as TVL Surpasses $77 Billion
Pricing question (about ETH)
💣💥Last chance to get in - Last phase before major price increase due to unforeseen massive demand - Phase 92 of 100 right now and +$0.09 increase for the remaining 9 phases until it reaches $1.93 in phase 100 - Massive Real World Utility - Serious New Project - Very High Potential 👁️‍🗨️
The definitive (and clear) explanation of Synthetix!
On-chain derivatives are the future! but which ones will the most useful and popular? We started explaining and reviewing ALL of them as a public service. After UMA and Opium here's chapter 2: The definitive explanation of Synthetix!
Asking for advice, thank you!
Much Wow!
Asking for a friend
🔥 ICO of Merchant Token going insanely fast! It will end very soon! Only 5 rounds left 🔥 Changes announced on ICO and now the new price listing will be 1.93 - Price now is 1.38 on Phase 95 of 100
30 Days Free Access to Blockchain Developer Nanodegree
💣💥LAST CHANCE TO BE PART OF IT NOW!!! - Price Increase due to Unforeseen Massive Demand - Phase 95 of 100 reached with insane speed and +$0.09 Increase for the Remaining Few Phases until it reaches $1.93 in Phase 100 !! - Massive Real World Utility - Serious New Project - Very High Potential 👁️‍🗨️
Ethereum Co-Founder Vitalik Buterin’s ETH Wallet Now Worth More Than $1B
Would organizations / governments really want their data on a distributed global ledger?
I currently have $630 invested in Ethereum.
Cause of Ethereum increase?
Buy ETH now?
Is it Good time to buy Ethereum
How will EIP 1559 affect validators?
To the moon
Day trading
Vitalik Buterin Now Owns More Than $1 Billion in Ethereum
Vitalik's Wallet viewing on Zapper- thoughts/insights
I’ve been waiting for Ethereum to crash so I can buy the dip.
Should I sell my Robinhood crypto?
Jordan fish has a heart of gold
ETHERIUM PASSED 3,100$! Buying at dip question?
In the race towards Web 3 financial privacy, Secret Network attracts backing from key players
Question about distributed apps
What do you think about this partnership Razor x MOARFinance?
OKEx to support direct deposits and withdrawals onto Ethereum scaling solution Arbitrum
My new Flower of Life NFT, I am so excited :)
I added a dashboard to Quiver that allows you to track Reddit discussion of ETH. Check it out, and let me know if you have any feedback or suggestions!
There is money on ETH blockchain adress but not on my binance acc
Doom: The Politics of Catastrophe | Niall Ferguson
END DAY  
Hey guys! I down for donations!!!
is ETH better than Bitcoin for HODL?
Is Ethereum worth buying now for HODL considering the massive uptrend?
Is Ethereum worth buying now for HODL?
Arizona ETH
Is Ethereum worth buying now for HODL?
Best place to buy and stake Ethereum
Has anybody invested in Grayscale Ethereum Trust?
Ethereum vs Bitcoin Monetary Policy
Staking on COINBASE max limit
Validating
Buy a Banksy with Ethereum 🔥
Pato O'Ward NFT
Stuck with a simple wallet
What’s your go to mining software for ethereum?
Ethereum Cat Herders Update #43
JOIN THE REVOLUTION
Introducing Splits by Mirror -- A way to route ETH continuously to an unlimited # of Ethereum addresses, according to a set of % allocations
XRP ? Ethereum ? More DogeCoin 🐕☝️
To celebrate ethereum breaking new ATHs I got these made for my friends and family. I only have 1 left, DM me if you’re interested :)
XRP Or Ethereum ? ☝️
Exchange Question
Please help. How to spend 2,000 dollars
How long you guys holding til ?
Finding Etc from hardfork
Finding Etc
Join my community and help me help others!
How many ERC-20 token projects are there?
Implementing a wallet in a c++ program/game. Any recommendations or better approaches?
Should Ethereum change its default unit to Gwei? (Technical reason: Floating point errors+ Psychological reasons)
Why Ethereum Leading the top Position in the Crypto World
Using crypto to earn a better interest rate on cash
Eth staking on which platform/wallet
hedge strategies with borrowing DAI/USDT
Staking
When the student has become the master ... almost
Project with best Tokenomics/Token Launch?
ETHEREUM / CRYPTO skeptics kill me
How much do you think the ethereum price will be in 6 months?
Crypto Dinosaurs Collectible Number Five: Vivian The Velociraptor
Ethereum’s Supply Cap?
best moves to make with 5 Ξth 👀
Easy holdings💎
Thoughts on Doge
According to his PDG, eBay can add a cryptocurrency payment option.
Building the DAO Controlled Land Trust
Uniswap v3 Comes Out Tomorrow. Here’s What to Expect
I made this token to remind myself to keep inviting. I may not have much, but I believe in this technology.
Should I keep buying?
After such a strong week for ETH, it feels weird to not be ending the day at an ATH
Hahahahha
Do you guys sell during and then buy back during dips?
Does anyone here day trade ethereum?
Received my first “thank you” today!
PAGE 8 - CALCULUS
Ummm...I think Google is a bit outdated...and wrong
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
EcoSphereum
ETH 2 Staking
Coffee &amp; Crypto
First Purchase
16 years old so I’m clueless, is this a good investment idea?
Come mine with me❤️ Install CryptoTab browser and get real crypto for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Maybe my best investment this year
For me... the team is the most important
I have been making some of my favorite cryptocurrencies into leather keychains! Here is the version I made for Ethereum!
Question about staking.
🚀 THIS IS IT! 🚀
Everyone Knows
Are trying to buy ICO tokens and missing every ico for many those reasons.. well you can buy them at same price on this exchange giving good gains
Advice
These Beautiful Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Only 1 Left for Today
Is there a way to fix it?
Is there a way to fix it?
As Frank says... 🚀
How come the amount received from DEX is lower Than CEX even before the fee kicks in?
eBay is preparing to accept cryptocurrencies as payment and exploring NFT’s, says company CEO - Digest Time
Eth
Looking for a company who can track down stolen funds
TCAP &amp; Cryptex just featured in this weeks edition of Defiant Degens
Layer 2 Won’t Save Ethereum
Eth &amp; Btc are looking very good! Can we see Ethereum surpassing 4k this month? Would love to hear everyone's thoughts and opinions about Eth's bullish gains!
Myceliun with a bug and coins are stuck
Merchant Token ICO is going really fast! 20 phases bonus announced now
🚀🚀 Six Reason to buy Spades Coin 🚀🚀 Now on Uniswap , Coinsbit 19 MAY !!!!
ICO is going really fast! 20 phases bonus announced
Nice
Is this a good time to buy or should I wait for a price drop?
Dogecoin hodler here needing opinions.
Investing in ETH
This Startup Program on gate.io exchange is giving lot of gains (around 2000% gains) from the public sale price
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
Why so cruel
Secure way to manage funds with Trust Wallet
Hi
Donate eth
Anyway to retrieve ethereum sent to a wrong address?
Implementing a wallet in a c++ program/game. Any recommendations or better approaches?
How important is WHERE I stake ETH for ETH 2.0?
Ethereum is out on the run. Where do you guys see ETH going?
Best wallet app on phone?
Radical Ethereum entrepreneurs are redefining what ‘rape kit’ means
Pioneer BROCK PIERCE Joins DigiCrypts Blockchain to sol DeFi Decentralization Risk!!
Market cycle
When eth hits 4k
Can someone explain how Ethereum is decentralized
Will there be a dip soon with ETH?
Use Laptop's AMD R9 M360 to Test-Mine Ethereum?
Too Late?
Blocknative's Mempool Explorer &amp; API now automatically decodes Balancer Labs, Curve, Aave, PancakeSwap and Honeyswap
Purchase an ERC-20 token using MetaMask
Staking ETH on Coinbase
New DeFi token just launched, x50 soon 🚀 🌚 BUY IT BEFORE IT GOES UP, one of the best tokens ive ever seen !!!!! 0x18eac9b6f65e55d3b34f00839f848b032b3c1d1b
MogulCoin
CHYNA WRESTLEMANIA ELITE FIGURE - UNBOXING
Ethereum on Robinhood?
[Help] Sorry, We are unable to locate this TxnHash
Getting back into ETH after holding in a cold wallet since 2016
With Bitcoin dominance dropping and the Ethereum price increasing, it's only a matter of time before ETH surpasses BTC in terms of market cap
EthHub Weekly #164: ETH hits $3500, SquishChaos’ bullish ETH report, A16z raising $1bn for crypto fund, MetaMask crosses 5mn MAUs, OKEx announces Arbitrum support, Gnosis protocol v2 + Balancer collab and Polygon announces $150mn DeFi fund
Nobody ever challenges the NFT narrative
Ethereum ETF
Ethereum is transitioning from ‘Rewards to miners’ to ‘Rewards to owners’.
Sold enough Doge profits. Now I have 1 free ethereum with still near double my initial Doge investment. I'm a big boy now?
Eth mining
Interview on CNBC: "Ethereum is ultra-sound money"
Transferring funds
Thinking about investing in Ethereum
DONATION BY A WHALE 🐳
Should I stake all my ethereum to Ethereum 2
Ethernet? Ethereum?
Argent: "Cannot estimate network fee" when trying to send Ethereum
Buying ethe referrals
How can ETH 2.0 exist if it's decentralized?
Does Eth staking continue forever or stop when 2.0 comes out?
We know there are a lot of new projects but we promise this one is worth checking out. Optionsmarket.io is a new exchange platform which has many benefits for its users! Did you know you can safely earn extra income from your crypto? Read more at optionsmarket.io
ETH Hodling Be Like
ETH2 technical deep dive yellow paper / beige paper
Is there a way to use smart contracts to solve the product comment/review farming problem?
To celebrate 4th anniversary of ENS, we're giving away a new NFT art piece by pplpleasr! Here's how to enter
Institutions are buying CME’s Ethereum futures
Just upvote if you are holding ethereum. 😂
I messed up...
How to send ETH to another account
Ebay May Soon Add Cryptocurrency Payments!
When will ETH flip BTC?
What can i do?
Ethereum Hits $3,524 All-Time High - Top 10 NON-EXCHANGE Whale Holdings Doubled in Past 8 Months, Top 10 EXCHANGE Whales Halved in Past 7 Months
When will ETH flip BTC?
Help?
Trade crypto
Trade crypto
Trade crypto
Trade crypto
Stay far away from these presales!
For the long run?
Is it dangerous to store ETH on Coinbase or similar?
Important announcement to all MTO holders and investors. They just announce on Twitter we will have 20 bonus phases and the price for listing now will be up to $4.20 on UniSwap at 12 July. Current price is $1.84
Are the high Gas prices on Ethereum actually a problem?
Earnings in ETH
I have 1000$ to spend on ethereum
Let's take this ship to 5k!
Dip?
Atomicwallet giveaway
As of today, I'm a proud owner of 0.5 ETH!
Am I too late
Is it worth lending small amounts of ethereum?
What's behind Ethereum's meteoric rise - thoughts?
Eth Solo Mining
Ether Sent From Coinbase To Phone
All virgin ETH issued for the last year has now been Staked. In July we start Burning ETH. A ton of ETH is locked in DeFi. Will I need an umbrella for this perfect storm? Does ETH even have a heel like Achilles?
Whats the best method to aquire and hodl eth?
What started out as a joke, bloomed into a meme, came to life as an algorithm, became self funded and a self sustaining legal entity.
can someone explain some future uses for ethereum blockchain technologies?
Cramer is with us!
Ethereum's 27-year-old creator is now a billionaire
🔴LIVE: Major Ethereum Update | Watch before Tomorrow
Ethereum to oust Bitcoin?
Polygaj is the first product in an ecosystem of DeFi &amp; NFT products which are being built around two tokens GAJ &amp; GMAM. Deployed on Ethereum Helper, Polygon Network. Developed by 13 y/o Blockchain Developer
Ethereum Soars to New All-Time High Above $3,500
3500!! - Please help me find my ETH
This Will Knock You Out: Ether Will Top $5,000 Next Week: Expert
The NFT Podcast #1 - Gus Snarskis: what NFTs are, how to create NFT art, marketplaces, invest in NFT
Is Harmony the one!!
If you are as hyped on Ethereum as I am, I def recommend following The Daily Gwei for top tier and pretty much daily content. Anthony breaks down current market events at high levels and in simpler terms.
S&amp;P Dow Jones brings bitcoin, ethereum to Wall St with cryptocurrency indexes
Gold Shit Pot
ETH Mammoth Rally Continues as the Altcoin Registers Another ATH Above $3,500
Waited for dip at £400 then £1,400.. no more damn waiting for dips an it keeps going up(lol), just bought coin at £2,500. il be a long term holder.
Company On The Verge Of Solving DeFi!!!! ETHEREUM ⬆️ $40k!! 🚨💰🚨The TRUE universal Currency 💴
S&amp;P Dow Jones Launches Bitcoin, Ethereum Indices Amid Crypto Surge
why my mining payment is not increasing after ETH going up?
Ethereum Takes $3,500
What do you think will be the most used L2 solution on eth?
😊If anyone is interested by a legit ICO (Merchant Token) I'll be glad to help them buy MTO step by step. 😊
Should i buy etheruem or wait?
Collection of Six Corrupted Images Goes on Sale as NFT Art for 86 ETH
How I should properly “upgrade” my Ethereum from 2018
beginner help
why mining payments are not increasing after eth price increased?
why mining payments are not increasing after ethereum price increased?
Ethereum price is going up why my mining payment is not increasing? I am bit confused how those works with the current ethereum prices. I am mining with nicehash.
Does anyone think there will be a pull back anytime soon?
🚨🚨🚨 THE TRUTH ABOUT MERCHANT TOKEN 🚨🚨🚨
Meebits, the visitor 👽
Merchant Token MTO The Biggest DeFi ICO of 2021 by Hips Group ends June 30th!
Celebrating ENS’s 4th Anniversary with an Original Pplpleasr NFT Giveaway
London Hard Fork
Problem with events on web3
Question about gas fees when transferring ETH
Ethereum to hit 10K this year? Possible? Thoughts?
Do you think the price will dip at some point?
Number go up!
My trading strategy that has worked in 2018 to 2021
I made an AI powered crypto news site. Let me know if you find it useful, or have ideas for changes. I'm also collecting all the data for predictive patterns (coming soon).
I'm thinking of putting my entire economy in Ethereum, should I do it?
Mitchels vs the Machines (Eth Takeover)
ETH
EU's Blockchain Strategy
What’s Next for Ethereum? $5,000? $10,000?
Where to keep my crypto
Received my first “thank you” today!
Ethereum hits new record high above $3,400, extending its more than 300% rally this year
How high will it go today?
New ATH for etherum🥳🚀🚀🎊🎉. It doesn’t matter when you read it
Trying to sell my “art.” Is this an NFT?
What is Maple Finance and how are they disrupting corporate crypto lending? 🥞
Buy or Wait?
Buy or wait?
Complex Drizzle
Ethereum or Ethereum 2 ?
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
this cant be real right? 2gh/s for etherium for just 6000bucks
Use our affiliate link which will give you 25% more token !
That can't be real right, right? i mean just 6,799$
ETH Trading Volume over Time by Exchange
Should I buy in right now or wait for a possible dip?
When Ethereum Mining pays off (MEME VIDEO)
Will Ethereum hit 10k?
Right about now would you buy Eth C or Eth??
Help ! My coins are all stolen in a Trezor One Device!!
Which wallet has the lowest transaction fees for ETH?
UK help - Getting out of eToro
When is a good time to sell my ETH
Thanks doge
BUYING $10K WORTH OF DOGECOIN ON ROBINHOOD TODAY!!!
Got a couple of hours, made this. Not as fancy animation as the others I've seen but what do you guys think?
Struggling to get my sister to see......
Blockchain and the Decentralised Workforce
Is it tool late to join ETH?
How can ERC20 sustain themselves if fees are paid in ETH?
Crypto expert, Lark Davis has tweeted about the current Ethereum bullish market. As per Davis, Ethereum price could drastically decline from its new $3000 ATH to as low as $2,600 at any time.
Discord channel for ether trade
I will develop profitable bitcoin mining bot, trading bot, forex trade
"Ethereum Moon" - jazz tune to celebrate smashing $3k (based on "Blue Moon")
Lark Davis Says Ethereum Price Could Drop to $2,600 - CoinQuora
How DeFi creates a fairer economy for the marginalized communities
I realize you can spend 10’s to 100’s of thousands of dollars to mine Ethereum, but I was wondering if it’s worthwhile to just have my gaming PC mine while I sleep. I guess I could use the calculator and find out for myself, but I’m more wondering if this is something people do?
Dropped and replaced permanently gone?
The effect of POS compared to POW - what's the effect aside from no gpus?
FOMO or good instinct? [Asking for opinions]
Should I buy Eth now or wait for the dip? (if it happens)
Spend your crypto earnings quick and easy
Will a lot change for Ethereum's value in the future?
Smart Contracts
Looking for an Ethereum developer for app idea
Ethereum's Fatal Flaw
I used my all of life savings to buy some ETH!
How often do you receive staking rewards?
The #1 AMM-Based Decentralized Margin Trading Platform
Is 1BETH = 1ETH
What's the long term vision for Umbria Network - DeFi ?
How high can ETH go in May 21? When are the potential dips happening?
Ethereum’s status
USDC to USD question
What is the difference between ethereum and ethereum classic? Should I invest in classic?
Oh dear! A surprised cat top has formed!
Is ethereum going to dip right now?
TO THE GOD DAMN MOON !!🔥🔥🔥 ICO SO HOT THAT THEY INCRESEAD TOKEN PRICE &amp; AD 20 MORE PHASES !! CRAZY X10 X100 GUARANTEE 😍😍
Lark Davis Says Ethereum Price Could Drop to $2,600 - Whats your thought on this..?
Who ever said gaming was a waste of time 👾😉
Ethereum network will be under JPM control once PoS is live, change my mind
Etherium prediction
Fei Stablecoin Has Achieved Price Stability After Initial Failure
What are the "safest" ways to earn interest on stable assets? Where can someone feel safe to park their stable assets, instead of a centralized bank/entity?
Bought ethereum yesterday at an all-time high, now I'm at a 5% loss
Bought ethereum yesterday at an all-time high, now I'm at a 5% loss
ETH
ETH Technical Analysis: Lowest low has been hit, forecast looking dark for ETH. Cash out now, and buy back in on the dip!
🏁 MERCHANT TOKEN 2021 ICO FINISH LINE ⏱ Now or Never 🏁
ETH full node fast sync vs full archive
LOST ETH? smart contract deposit
The Elon Musk card has arrived
$540 million worth of Ethereum (ETH) liquidated as ‘shorts’ punished
New York residents barred from ETH staking on Coinbase?
New York residents barred from ETH staking on Coinbase?
Meme competition, Winner gets crypto!
Why this community is toxic?
Verifiable autographs via Ethereum + NFTs + Social Media
Sent ETC to a ETH address - help
END DAY  
It all makes sense it's been there this entire time!
I have an idea for something that can be built on Ethereum. I have no coding experience. How do I get started?
Beat crypto service?
Has anyone staked ethereum on coinbase?
I by mistake sent DFND tokens to the Ethereum contract addess of the same token. Can I retrieve them?
In your opinion what will the price of ETH be one year from now?
Help plz
ETH Survey for Academic Research
Miners told to plan as if mining will stop by EOY
Uniswap V3 guzzles 100% more gas than V2
A stablecoin that burns real usd each time a new token is created
Do you think this guy understands solidity?
How to make transactions on the Ethereum network, of currencies listed on Uniswap without having to pay 20 or 30 USDT per transaction?
Stocks as NFTs
Interesting changes coming adding further security for Cypto transactions. The future is not around the corner, it’s here.
If eth is the next bitcoin
Just tried migrating my ETH/USDC funds from uniswap's v2 pool to v3 - was charged $110 in gas fees just to have it run out of gas and fail.
When is ETH going to take a dip?
ANY DeFi Experts I Can lean on?
Wonderful explanation of what's Ethereum.
Do US residents use their own personal bank to link to exchanges for deposits/withdrawals, or do they open another account with another bank?
Vitalik is a True Visionary
genuine question: ada
Vitalik Buterin: the World's youngest crypto billionaire
A Company I’m invested just Bought Kirobo, it looks like this is Too good to be True...am I missing something?? Positive and negative opinions appreciated!!
Do the creators of ETH care if the value goes up or down?
Is this on its way down for good you think or people just taking profits? I'm having a hard time reading the chart. 1st one is 1 week chart. 2nd one is 1 day chart.I want to know if I should pull out. I'm using ETC gains to buy normal ETH. Does it look like it's going down for good or profits taken?
NEWBIE: Randomly searched ethereum &amp; bought in; created an NFT on Day one
Is this on its way down for good you think or people just taking profits? I'm having s hard time reading the chart. 1st 1 is 1 week chart. 2nd 1 is 1 day chart. I want to know if I should pull out. I'm using ETC gains to buy normal ETH. Does it look like it's going down for good or profits taken?
MILLION TOKEN WEBSITE
If Musk does a Doge SNL skit it won’t even be funny now since the jokes have run their course. It’s played out. Funny at first but now it’s annoying.
How do gas fees work? Does this mean I will have to pay $40 in eth to swap to another currency? If so, why is it so high for such a small swap?
I bought $1,000 at $3500. Now it's going down and I'm a bit anxious.
AMM Decentralized Margin Trading On a Whole New Level with Lever.
Too late to buy?
If it wasn't for Ethereum, I wouldn't have been able to afford my dad's surgery. Thank you, I love you all &lt;3
I’m looking for information around the founding of Ethereum and ETH 2.0. If the blockchain can’t be hacked or altered, how does Vitalik have the authority to branch the chain ? What mechanisms is he using and what mechanisms prevent someone else from doing so?
While I still feel guilty for doing it, I sold half of my Dogecoin today and bought 1 ethereum. I hope my future self thanks me for this decision. Holding for years to come.
Ethereum classic issue
If you buy Ethereum you will lose money!
Pay little amount of ETH
How do people know for sure Satoshi isn't younger than Vitalik Buterin? Why do they keep saying Buterin is the youngest crypto-billionaire?
COPY/PASTE SCAM FOR ETH
ETH Wealth Distribution
Staking in Canada
Prove me wrong please
Question please.
Maybe someone can help me asap
ETH chain - DPI Analytics and Perspectives 🚀
Shakepay to ledger transfer missing money??!
How will Stripe survive if Crypto takes over the world?
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more! Spring SALE!
Cheapest way to obtain ERC20 tokens?
Eth
Bigmoon Token Moon 100x.!
Best time to buy
ERSDL | UnFederalReserve, a DeFi solution for banks and lenders.
Get 1.5 ETEREUM FREE! JUST SUBMIT ADDRESS
Can you recover ETH sent to a VTHO address?
Looking for In-dept information on Rollups
ETH predictions
Journey to $1 Million in 2021
The Great Convergence!
Boot problems with mining rig
How high will etherium classic go?
What is L2 and why is it important
should i wait for it to drop or is it even going to?
Win $300,000 Worth Of GIFX In A Lucky Draw!
ETH sent to myself and lost it?
What's the meaning of this address?
Any good Ethereum mining companies? US based only please!
Flawleth (NFT)
Ethereum can expect some stiff competition, -Cardano is coming...
ETH vs ETC
Did I just increase scarcity by losing ETH?
Transaction costs in the future
This is the proposed flag for Antarctica.
Express.co.uk speaks to Nick spanos about Eth
Ethereum Price Prediction: New Rising May Begin
new to Ethereum. Are the minimum fees really $4 ???
SpreadSheet for the community, track your crypto
ETH classic price difference
ETC Price on Coinbase
🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕🐕
DCA or FOMO
ETH and the risk of it falling again??
What's the process for putting eths and erc20 tokens on a safe and decentralized wallet?
Start mining crypto today - The best offer for Crypto mining equipment
Uniswap v3 is LIVE!
Ethereum Is Booming in the NFT Frenzy—So Is Network Congestion - CULTURE POSTERS
Reminder that Ethereum is flooding out of exchanges to private wallets and staking
Wallstreet dogecoin Report and prediction
Retrieving ether from binance
New to trading, but does anyone else see the candlestick rejection happening? Do u think it will go up or down and why? Thanks!
A payment gateway for accepting eth and erc20 tokens.
Kotal released open-source support for multi-client (Teku, nimbus, prysm, and lighthouse) Ethereum 2.0 beacon node and validator clients
Owning eth prefork coldstored, sent eth to poloniex. Is the etc gone or can I retriever it?
Etheruem Classic
Any sites that allow 15 year olds, I’d prefer not to have to use my parents info, they’re skeptical of crypto, which I understand and I don’t want to put them at risk
I bought crypto 3 years ago
When is eth2.0 staking going to come out commercially in the US
Ethereum + Polkadot = Hybrid blockchain
Upgrading Geth without upgrading Ethereum Wallet
Crypto Staking... Pros/Cons rewards etc.
Lost ethereum private key
How to send $ETH in 19 lines of Python
For what are Unpaid Balances?
If you want to use your ledger x with the Metamask mobile app, please vote for the feature here. 😁 Doesn't look like Metamask will do much until the community demands it.
New Ethereum token
Geth v1.10.3 - Maroon Sea - Sync mainnet in 3-4 hours via `--syncmode=snap`
A New Era
Why do you invest in Crypto? Yes of course for money…but why? I am looking for the emotional answers. The real deep down reasons. A great story!
The first DeFi Hedge Fund - Vesper joins forces with Blockforce
liquidity pool question
new to crypto! would love to get in on ETH. is today a good day?
Price Recommendations
Subito Zeitlos releases their album as NFT. How do we value music as ditigal art?
Dan Held: Ethereum Classic has outperformed Ethereum this year
Notable Figure in the sector Brock Pierce Joins DIGIMax and Kirobo to introduce NEW patent Pending Technology to Fix DeFi solutions and save Billions!!
Razor Network Integrates Its Decentralized Oracle Systems on Moonbeam Network
LIVE: Gary Vee DEBUTS VeeFriends NFTs on Bankless
The rise of Decentralized Exchanges: The case of Uniswap
Should Governments regulate what cryptocurrencies centralized exchanges are allowed to sell?
VeeFriends by Garyvee: All about 5/5 Drop | NFTs Features, VeeCon, Access Tokens, Auction - NFT News
Ether options volume surpasses Bitcoin for first time
Can i stake from my hard wallet?
How many Eth to make you happy in the future?
Retrieving ethereum from old Binance wallet.
Never Sell ETH
How long do I hold my eth? Will it run again after the sideways trend like it did before? Thoughts on ETC?
Why do you invest in Crypto? Yes of course for money…but why? I am looking for the emotional answers. The real deep down reasons. A great story!
Trading prices for ETC on R.H. are much higher than other exchanges like CRO
do you see a correlation?😉
RH is trading ETC at crazy high prices compared to other exchanges
Pros/Cons of staking via Coinbase
Large drop in ethereum nodes a few months back?
Is there a formula or something like that that defines when a decline in krypto is called a dip? For example when it drops more than xx % from a certain high point in a certain amount of time
New erc20 token airdrop &lt;3
cheapest way to transfer ether from coinbase to gemini?
Can someone help me - I sent ethereum about 4 hours ago from META MASK to VOYAGER - and I still have not gotten it , did I do something wrong ?
Ethereum low-code apps with ServiceNow and Provide
My transaction is pending for hours. What should I do?
Check out the Cryptex and Chainlink Live Demo of Minting TCAP and Farming CTX at 1PM EST!
Polycat.Finance - Just listed on Coingecko, Vaults coming to one of the first yield farms on L2 network Polygon, with buybacks of native token $FISH and TVL approaching $30m
spread awareness of ethereum with a cool conversation starter apple watchface if you own one! Here is how i made mine:
Problem with RX 470 ETH Mining
Blockchain IS revolutionary, but don't be naive about how businesses work
Coffee &amp; Crypto Ep.2
ENS is Hiring! Come Build a New Decentralized Internet with Us
My bank doesn't allow crypto, so I bought futures instead! Was my first time investing in ETH and I'm really glad it worked out!
Ethereum 2.0 staking project Lido raises $73 million in new funding led by Paradigm
How can there be such a price difference in Coinbase and Robinhood at the same time??
Will there be an Ethereum 2.0 Whitepaper, same as the 2013 one from Vitalik?
Ethereum community vs Ethereum classic.... I’ve also seen our community not being that passionate like the ETC community. TF guys.
What is the best site to trade crypto like ethereum?
I'm in boys!! Lets Go!
Zero Knowledge Episode 179: Diving into Arbitrum’s Optimistic Rollup
I've just released a bunch of new features on CryptoFees.info!
Newbie
Metamask should rely solely on hw wallet
NFT Autographs on TokenSign
WholeEarthFoundation
General
Buy in now or wait a bit for dip?
Gary Vee launches VeeFriends.com
Ethereum "Pending"
Uniswap v2 to v3 transition?
How good are Palit GPUs?
Mark Cuban: The 3 ways Ethereum ‘dwarfs’ bitcoin
Staking? Buying? What should I do?
How to built NFTs for eternity: Contract incl. content hashes on Eth, content pinned by yourself + Arweave nodes on IPFS
Ethereum at Consensus 2021
Ethereum price momentum could see it ‘flip bitcoin’
Eth classic price difference between platoforms, can someone explain?
Creates BIP84 keychains for Ethereum
0.94 ETH Sent Out Of My Trust Wallet Last Night (Wallet Compromised? But No Idea How)
The BTC community- what is going on?
three websites to earn some free crypto
The story behind ETC
Cramer hypes crypto = nail in coffin
incomplete transaction - strange
Ethereum 'yet to take off' and is on track for $5,200 soon, say experts
What exactly is staking and is it worth it in thr long run?
Can someone explain why Coinbase price for Ethereum Classic is 92.45 and Bloomberg, Google, Coindesk all show 75.33??
BEP-20 Ethereum
We are building decentralized social media on blockchain
Ethereum (ETH) and XRP to Follow Bitcoin (BTC), According to Popular Analyst
Bitcoin maxis have no understanding of crypto at all
A question regarding Ethereum's total supply.
BIG NEWS! Bitcoin is coming to hundreds of U.S. banks this year
Please help me send this Eth to CB...
Gary Vee NFTs
Lets take etherum to the moon 🚀 🌝
Incomplete transaction
How can I start learning about ethereum? Newbie here. Want to gain understanding on its fundamentals and how it works.
TheCryptoSheet.com called ETH for $3,900 by the end of the week!
Hellpp
Investments and Trading platform
Three reasons why the ‘other Ethereum’ has pumped 130% in the last week
Likelihood of eth dropping under 2500 again?
Future of NFTs Videogames, Blockchain Game Dev, Influence | NFT Podcast #2 - Jean-Paul Faraj
Future of NFTs Videogames, Blockchain Game Dev, Influence Game | NFT Podcast #2 - Jean-Paul Faraj
Coinbase Wallet not reading SushiSwap QR Code
ETH Surges to New Highs: Could Ethereum Outgrow Bitcoin?
Free dogecoin mining 100%
Having Money is having nothing. Once you realize it, you’ll have a lot. Be Currency Free (CCYFREE)
Banks are publishing articles against crypto
First time here
Here’s How High Ethereum Could Go as It Hits All-Time Highs
Airdrop Ethereum
Peer to peer network explained||please subscribe to my channel||
The Rise of Ethereum
Why is ETC going up like crazy? How is different to ETH??
How do I swap ethereum token to regular ethereum?
Good or Bad Choice?
Is it too late to BUY ETH?
Do you invest because you believe in a project or just for store-of-value?
Is it still worth it to hodl ETH if companies can build private networks on top of the ethereum blockchain?
ETH vs ETH2
What are your realistic price predictions for Ether at the of 2021? and Why?
Knowledge Graph about the Crypto Universe
Slovenian startup offers all-in-one POS terminal - allows paying with crypto, cards, and digital payments all on one device - Ether supported!
German tabloid jumping on the FOMO train once again, with two related articles directly underneath each other: "Ethereum inventor now youngest crypto billionaire of the world" and "Ethereum follows Bitcoin to record highs".
Meet Vitalik Buterin: 13 Things We Know About Ethereum’s Youngest Crypto Billionaire
Crypto Growth this month
ETH's Top 10 Whales Have Doubled their Holdings in the last 8 Months
Youngest crypto Billionaire found Ethereum after crying himself to sleep
The Mitchell's vs. The Machines
Best Altcoins To Buy Now: Best Penny Cryptocurrencies To Invest In 2021 (Top Huge Growth Altcoins)
Ethereum Is Fighting to Be Better Than Bitcoin
Self Stacking ETH does it worth it?
How to encrypt an existing mnemonic seed using a BIP39 Passphrase
Transfer of ETH from Dharma to Coinbase Wallet not showing up. Any idea what im missing here?
Ethereum Rallies Above $3,000, Breaches More Resistance Levels
Bachelor thesis
What is Chainlink (LINK)?
Web3 state on use for non technical people
When using wBTC on Ethereum in any way, will you pay any fees associated in Ether or wBTC?
Ethereum vs Casper Labs vs Mina Protocol
What if you invested earlier in Ethereum? This page tells you exactly! Its funny to play around
Fresh off the press
Teeka Tiwari 6 coins
Join me on NDAX to start trading BTC, ETH, LTC, LINK, USDT, XRP, EOS, DOGE, ADA, and XLM on Canada's most secure exchange with 0 deposit fees and 0.2% trading fees. --Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
Just found this ether laying around in an old wallet from 2017, hoooly shit I'm glad I forgot about it!!
This is why $ETC is going up
ETC
It ain’t much but it’s honest work. Average cost about $3,280.
Just sold my DOGE, invested in ETH.
This is the way
Would decentralization lead to a decreased incentive for entrepreneurship?
Anyone else secretly wants a bear market? Delay my payoff man, but give me a MUCH BIGGER ONE. 🙌🏼
What if Doge replaces Ether?
What app is better or an alternative to Coinbase?
Once, there was a village.
Should mine be in a vault?
Is Ethereum Classic finite like Bitcoin?
VeChain’s New Patent Could Help Offset Carbon Emission
WALLSTREETBETS SOS STOCK UPDATE AND EARNINGS INSIGHT WHAT U NEED TO KNOW
Crypto luck
How do I go about splitting eth and etc with replay protection?
Got invested in crypto only a few months ago and foolishly bought on robinhood. Advice for how to smoothly transition over to a different app?
BTC Is Less Volatile Than Apple or Tesla, Says Binance CEO - CoinQuora
Error while transferring Eth from Matic network back to Ethereum network
Comparing market cap of crypto to traditional public companies is meaningless
Ethereum $358 Billion Market Cap Overtakes Nestle and P&amp;G
END DAY  
[Serious]
Plz guys plz its serious
Is anybody listening please work hard put some extra time to grow this community whoever is moderator please try to get more members and awareness for crypto I am here to help msg me
A third of my ETH in my MetaMask wallet disappeared
AMP token
Trying to buy, struggling
Why is withdrawing ETH suspended on Binance? I need to move some to sell something on trust. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Online crypto shop
Ethereal Virtual Summit Livestream Day 1: Mark Cuban, Snowden, Winklevoss, Vitalik, CZ Binance
What do you wish you knew when you started?
My Experience Staking and Becoming a Proper Ethereum User
What’s the scoop on ETH potentially reaching 100k+ by 2023??
I understand this is seller market but some people just crossing the line...
Making arbitrage between Uniswap V2 and Sushiswap
Making arbitrage between Uniswap V2 and Sushiswap
Sorry Gamers, Ethereum Is More Valuable Than Ever
Teackers
I sent ETH tokens to an ETH wallet that only supports coins
Where to buy ethereum paper wallets
New to mining, is this good/bad/normal temp wise and hash? Only using amd software OC's
Not receiving ETH at trust wallet
Can not retrieve ETH from Paper Wallet
FORCED KYC for a Crypto Wallet and Account ???
Free coins after hard fork?
Why Ethereum is a growth machine and will continue to go up in value!
A primer on Ethereum's transaction types (and proposals introduced by EIPs 1559, 2711, and 2930)
The DAO is History… or is it?
Staking on Coinbase vs going off-exchange
Polygon and Polka Dot
Parallel Gains for Polygon
Vaccination card is good use case for smart contracts
Your thoughts please 🥲🥲
Check WIZ at DEXTools! Price: $0.00068
Is it possible to have a permissioned sidechain on a permissionless mainchain?
Hola soy nuevo en la comunidad
Consejos Help Ayuda
Quick question about pools and EIP1559
Thanks Ethereum! Holding this long and wish i could buy a few more coins 🔜🚀🤚🏽💎🖐🏽
Need some ETH to escape from Argentina
Investing in Etherum
Anyone selling all their stocks and going all in on ETH?
PSA: Ethereum Classic (ETC) is a dead, insecure chain with no fundamental value
Remember 1996?
Why can’t i transfer out of trustwallet?
Just bought another ETH on coinbase since the first one I own is on Robinhood. I bought in on RH at $2100. Should I sell the one on Robinhood now or wait for $3750?
⚠️ Ethereum Classic is not Classic, and it is not Ethereum.
Binance vs Uphold vs Etoro vs (?..)
Global Trends 2040 report : UNCERTAIN FUTURE OF MONEY
Never stop believing.
🔥 ArticFire 🔥 Upcoming Presale! 🚀
Having difficulty synchronising node
Just so we're clear here. You're all aware right?
Screenshot at same time from Coinbase and RH
Not Sure if I Goofed Sending Myself ETH
I made the mistake of buying Ethereum on Robinhood and I don't know what to do
Split ETC off ETH holdings?
Dogecoin free raffle! On @skyviusmedia on Instagram
Ethereum CLassic
DeFi Explained: Liquidity Pools
Staking ETH on Coinbase: Experienced input, please.
ETH to ETH2 and staking
Should I stop Roth 401k contributions to buy ETH faster?
Is PiperNet (Silicon Valley) the same as ETH?
What happened to cause Ethereum Classic to set a new high and climb 10 times faster than ETH?
OTFUS
Stuck Transaction
Wow, who would have thought Altcoins would have been the move 10 years ago.
ETH FOMO
It's coming...
Eth 2.0
Helping out my friend's 80 year old dad
Donation Request to Deploy My Contract
Why Does Ethereum Exist And What Purpose Does It Serve?
Is Ethereum The Most Widely Used Blockchain By Fortune 500 Companies? | What Is Ethereum?
What is happening with Ethereum Classic?
Knight Token Token Moon 100x.!
Shiba Inu coin next big one!!!
my 1st nft on foundation is "Tomb of Yaqub Leys Saffari" (animated)
Proud to announce to the community that after three months of FOMO buys, stinging lessons, and some small victories.. I managed to swing trade my way into Ethereumaire status using ETC this morning.
5K?
Gas/Gwei fees
DeFi Bachelor Thesis
Tomb of Yaqub Leys Saffari | Foundation
Tomb of Yaqub Leys Saffari
Real time Ethereum Price update ticker
I just started in in this crypto thing and my balance went up 1k in under a week without having to do anything more than stare intently at my phone, numerous times a day...pretty sweet.
Tomb of Yaqub Leys Saffari | Foundation
Uniswap v3 is here but prices haven’t really changed
Ethereum has changed my outlook on life.
Is staking on Coinbase a taxable event?
Endaoment: The First DAF built on the Ethereum Blockchain
Meet Listory Listen
20 and Holding
[QUESTION] What is Polygon/Matic’s relation to Ethereum? And what are futures for Polygon/Matic with the ETH 2.0 rollout?
Coinswitch stole my 20 ethereum!
Gas-refunding DEX heroes now offering LPs with mind-blowing rewards
Cryptobanking
Great Reddit Scaling Bakeoff Results
Trust Wallet Potential Security Flaw: Multiple Users Reporting ETH Removed From Wallet
Coinbase Staking
Can the whales sell so i can buy some 😩
ETH 2.0 Question
New Investor 👋🏽
Why my region/country is not eligible for ETH staking?
Trying to understand dApps and Profitability
do i have to pay the exorbitant gas fee to xfer from kraken to my wallet?
We need some Musk tweet pump
Mark Cuban: No Crypto Winter Coming—But Bitcoin at Greater Risk Than Ethereum
A la Luna Podcast Ep.2: Javier Bastardo - Satoshi en Venezuela
I created a paper (Plastic) Ether wallet by utilizing my amazing skills in 3D design and 3D printing. The card is the size of a standard card (ID-1).
should I buy 1 ETH , possibly a stupid question
Notable ERC-777 or 223 Projects
I appreciate how level headed this community is compared to the other crypto subs
Is it possible to peg the value of a blockchain cryptocurrency to the value of an index, f.e. S&amp;P 500? If Tether is pegged to USD and Anchor is pegged to global economy growth, therefore is it possible for a coin to be pegged to S&amp;P 500?
Coinbase staking vs. Blockfi lending
Buying small amounts of eth at a time on Robinhood.
DO NOT USE TRUST WALLET: Multiple users reporting ETH being transferred out of their account and ending up in the same Wallet address.
Gelato Network is launching Gelato DAO
Did I just pay $12 for a failed transaction?
I bought about 300$ worth of ethereum an hour ago and still didn't receive it. Is this normal? (sorry if im asking stupid questions im still very new)
When exactly is POS?
Crypto coins
To stake or not to stake??
Why you shouldn't listen to Analysts.
ETHEREUM Logo
Dumb questions concerning ETH 2.0
I'm new-ish to buying crypto...
Are we being robbed?
Alts like ETH might be mooning now but know where we are in this Alts Season!
IS ETH GOING POS BY YEARS END EFFECTING CURRENT MARKETS?
Moving my savings into a stablecoin?
Finished another Ethereum artwork today!
When is Ethereum staking on Coinbase coming to the UK?
Serious question on POS transition
ETH vs ETC?
Pursuing a career as a core blockchain developer, need advice!
Pontem Network is a FAKE DEFI project who gets the rich richer!
Blocknative now supports automatic contract decoding for Uniswap V3
Hold or sell??
Why ether is designed with scarcity
Gas on trust wallet with USDT
1 ethereum and holding
Time journey - BTC versus ETH
3600 boys let’s gooooo!💎🦍
Can someone give a TL:DR summary?
Ethereum Classic (ETC) — up over 167.29% the past 3 days — “I think I know where the DOGE money is going next…” Agree or Disagree?
Looking to buy back in
Ethereum Classic?
Wirex Migrates a Portion of WXT to Ethereum
How to decide when is the right moment to invest
Wait for a dip?
Reaching ATH 3583.59$.. ETH is breaking barriers
Looking for which exchange this scammer address belongs to
Minting under the influence
This will forever haunt me...
This will forever hunt me...
I’m surprised I don’t see anyone talking about AMP in here 👀🤫😴
Future Mooners!! NFT drop 🚀🚨🪐🚨🚀
Merchant Token (MTO)- HIPS' Payment Protocol Token Currently Still in ICO Stage. New Ethereum Based Token and DeFi Protocol Enabling Crypto Payments on POS Devices. Supports Ethereum and Solana.
So I’m new to the whole crypto and heard ETH is where it’s at for long term. Is it worth putting 100 dollars every month that my parents give me into ETH?
Should I stake my 0.45 Ethereum on Binance Ethereum 2.0 or connect my ledger NANO S to sharedstake.org and stake it there?
Ethereum Meta
Staking Ethereum 2.0
Good information on Eth2.0 and DeFi
Staking Etherem 2.0
Good information on ETH2.0 and DeFi
Is a correction coming soon?
Ethereal Virtual Summit. May 6- May 7
Razor Oracle Network to Offer Decentralized Data Feed to Plutos Network
Looking for an exciting STO project? Then look no further than optionsmarket.io, it provides passive income opportunities on a brand new exchange platform!
Mark Cuban: Ethereum’s Price Growth Potential is ‘Uncapped’
Staking Ethereum 2.0
When will ICOs make a comeback? What needs to change?
Hot 97.7 Miami : ETH BLOCKCHAIN Decentraland and CryptoVoxels Party Fridays &amp; Social Event
Ethereum/Bitcoin Options and Futures - How to analyze???
Hi friends lets connect for eeeeer
My paintings want to create contracts based on the designed programming for a visual treat any players
My paintings want to make smart contracts and make a designed language and a visual treat any ether players
Hi, i’m a newbie in cripto investments and need some help!
Finally own 1 ETH after grinding for the past year
I need BIG help... USDC to ETH in Trust Wallet problem.
Ethereum transactions
With Ethereum inching closer to $200,000 per coin I'm considering telling my wife I don't love or respect her.
Identity &amp; Reputation
Ethereum will hit $10,000 and there’s nothing you can do about it
Since I don’t have enough karma to post on cryptos I figure you all would appreciate this
Implement Multi Send on Ethereum by Smart Contract with solidity
Implement Multi Send on Ethereum by Smart Contract with solidity
Save and invest securely with piggy vest
Transaction never went through
Ethereal Virtual Summit Livestream
ELI5 - London Upgrade (EIP 1559)
Ethereal Virtual Summit 2021 is live!
What is happening with ETC right now?
Why do I keep reading Eth2.0 will end mining?
dApps question
Who are the Ethereum Developers?
Got to admire such a man of conviction
All RFI, SAFEMOON forks, MEME popular tokens “will get rekt” with Uniswap v3.
Something about how Nodes operate.
Check out this campaign I just joined, NFT Genius is releasing the Music NFT marketplace GAIA. Get early access to drops now!!
Ethereum Price Analysis: ETH Retesting All-Time High Levels at $3,500 Resistance
Is 2.0 gonna crash ETH value?
ETH | T-REX | 31 Mh/s 💥💥 How mine ETH with Gigabyte Geforce GTX 1660 Sup... - P: 80W T:58C SPEED: 31Mh/s on GTX 1660 SUPER 6 GB - 37Mh/s current speed on ethmine :D
JIM Cramer says he sold half his Ether
BTC, ETH, XRP, TRX, EOS, XVG, SUSHI—Technical Analysis May 6
Help India 🙏
Transferring from Binance to a private wallet in a cheaper way.
Can't swap UNISTAKE for ETH?
First to solve this Puzzle gets the keys to 1 ETH + 5,000 CRBN
What's The Deal With Ethereum Meta?
Ethereum generated more than $148 BILLION in transaction volumes in April 2021
Ethereum - Where do the gas fees come out?
Quick breakdown of the market cap so far in 2021, will be doing more short videos breaking down the indivdual cryptos market caps and what is needed for certain prices.
Flow vs Ethereum. Which Is Best for NFT Development?
Does anyone have advice about setting up a full node and staking to support the Ethereum 2.0 PoS network?
1.7 million DeFi users now on Ethereum, 50% more since Jan. 1
Stackable ERC-20 Tokens
crypto
Solidity developer
Congrats! Nice Missle Launch!
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2014/2021
Eth prediction 2022 - keep it serious
What is the best way to buy ethereum
[Question] 8x 3090 vs 10x A5000
Does anyone know how to connect to a wallet API? I want to build a machine to dispense money as I mine it.
Freewallet KYC Scam
This is also about ETH and all other coins which get traded by RH. "Dear US-Hodlers, we know that it is not you who are responsible for the massive sales, we know that it is RH, see by yourself. This is not a coincidence, the evidence clearly shows what is going on."
How to Decide Whether to Invest in Bitcoin or Ether
[Question] IDE for Smart Contract Development
Slow transactions
OpenOcean Becomes the First Ethereum Layer 2 Aggregator
Safest iOS wallet for someone concerned about crypto bans and exchanges keeping funds?
Recover lost ETH
Rinkeby ETH airdrop request
Should I learn Solidity?
Should I invest in Eth or Eth2?
Presale
Husky to the Moon
I'm in a bit of a... situation
Coinbase price
Is Binance ETH staking worth it?
After Hitting $3,000, Ethereum Could Hit $4,000 Pretty Soon
QUAI DAO
Bringing art back to the good old days. No photoshop, paper, matter, etc. Pure art.
Cormorant in Monet Style – limited edition 10/10
Fox Finance marketing is on the move. Let's go!
Whats the ethereum equivalent of bitcoin cash?
Woooooh..... Ethereum to Hit $10,000 Soon
Don't touch it.
Ethereum search volume about to surpass Bitcoin in the United States
Fingerprint/Biometric as seed phrase
I stopped eating Uber eats and other stuff..
Sh!t her text doesn't show profit...Lmao
END DAY  
Can anybody confirm the Genuinity of this arcticle???
If ethereum is a 'super-computer' as it acts like a computer made up of many other computers, could it then run a Bitcoin node?
Should I buy 1k of ethereum now?
Convert ETH1 to ETH2
Crypto Advice
Was my weth drained from my wallet?
Any good desktop wallets that have you can have a keystore on a usb or somewhere you can see it?
PSA: Another scammer - pretending to help with issues via private chats. Folks be careful. Of course I never send them my credentials or ETH. To the scammers,"get a fking life that your parents can be produ. Stop cheating others. Are you even proud in what you are doing - Fking scumbag"
My Utility Token has been released!!!
test
Bybit Unveils Cloud Mining Service As ETH Keeps Racking up Record Highs
Stablecoins on defi
Can you use bep20 Eth on a dapp (pool together) or does the bep20 Eth need to be converted to erc20 Eth to use the dapp?
RocketPool vs StaFi
Too late to get in or wait for dip?
Trading/swapping ether to DAI using smart contract
Ethereum 2.0 and everyday transactions
Fees, value, &amp; demand - will the bull run continue? ETH 2.0? Simple explanation of Ether improvement proposal 1559 and how it’s fueling current ATH pricing.
COMMUNITY SEASONAL GIVEAWAY!!!
Just renewed my license so I’m having trouble verifying on apps to buy ETH. Anyway I can buy some without having to verify my license???
Kirobo To solve DeFi, saving over 75 million Dollars a Day in lost transactions
This page reminds me of a Grateful Dead or Phish page.
FT Article - Carbon counter: bitcoin is the ultimate hot investment
Wallets
More intelligence and analysis and LESS blind newbie questions on whether or not to buy.
Looking for crypto writers
Can I recover BEP20 tokens sent to a wallet that doesnt accept them?
Hello, new here. Had a few questions. I just bought 500 dollars worth of Ethereum. I wanted to buy a whole coin I just don’t have the funds right now. Is it stupid to just buy a “part” of a coin or should I have saved and bought a whole one? Sorry I’m a noob, any advice helps. Thank you!
When to buy???
New coin issuance in POS
BITCOIN HOJE | CRIPTOMOEDAS RIVAIS DO ETHEREUM PROMISSORAS | BITCOIN NEW...
JUST BOUGHT 100k LETS GO
I got banned on dogecoin sub so I’m writing it here so. Is 125 profit good from 250? I started on the 1st of may
How to convert BTCB(bitcoin bep2) to Ethereum
Is it too late to buy eth now ?
Anybody have any info on the old LETH ethereum wallet from 2017? I apparently have an encrypted keystore file on my computer that came from that Android app
First time buyer, is now considered a dip? Would now be a good time to buy?
Is it worth to all my investments and buy 1 ETH?
Was My MetaMask Hacked? I'm sick to my stomach.
Why Ether saw a spike; Why the bull run will continue; future fees, supply, &amp; demand explained. PRE 2.0
The Big Dogs — Bitcoin And Ethereum — Still Lead The Pack
Made enough money on ETC and DOGE to buy 1 ETH. Is that worth it?
Opinions on this bear case for eth?
ETF exchange-traded fund applied for. Bodes well for ETH?
About the growing popularity of mining using storage space...
15 y/o finally joined in and have etherum and xrp in my wallet (:
Staking in a Stake pool with ledger wallet?
Can I swap my Bitcoin for ethereum without getting taxed?
Episode 6: Crypto De Mayo - Dogecoin, ETH, &amp; ETC.
r/Millionercrypto Lounge
The Ethereum ecosystem be STRONG 💪🏻 🚀💎📈🤑
New airdrop nowww🔥🔥
Will Ethereum dip this weekend or rally?
New airdrop you can WIN 1000$
Looks like the people over in r/ethereumclassic have officially lost their minds
Whatweholdnext • r/Whatweholdnext
Hot 97.7 Miami : Ethereum Blockchain Party : Live in 2 hours
Ethereal Virtual Summit Livestream Day 2: Mark Cuban, Snowden, Winklevoss, Vitalik, CZ Binance
TRUST WALLET IS COMPROMISED
Going BIG on Ethereum w/ James Wang former ARK Analyst (Ep. 318)
Just getting into crypto
Price prediction of ethereum over this weekend.. thoughts ?
Goldman Sachs' latest quarterly earnings call states how 14 different financial institutions are making their foray into cryptocurrency, and Ether is mentioned under CME Group. (Scroll way down to the section titled "Emerging Theme: Cryptocurrency")
Cross chain?
Can we have a discussion about UniSwap V3, the project and the team
Unused contracts
High Gas fee
Good time to buy?
NFT20 Is Live on Polygon!
What I missed? What’s going on? ETH CAD
Digimax; Discussing the $5 Million Investment in Kirobo and Other News
Question: I am new to this and am wondering, is there an ethereum based coin that has cheaper Gas / transaction fees when converting to a newer ethereum based coin?
Problems in the crypto world
Hardware Wallet , Mobile Wallet or Software Wallet?
Ethereum Powered
Was reading metcalfs law and eth potentially going to 20k in 1-2 years. Anyone agree with this?
Man ethereum is SUS
VanEck Appeals to SEC for Ethereum (ETH) ETF
My Ethereum Diorama, what do you think about it ?
Staked ETH2
Binance CEO CZ Defends Binance Smart Chain's Ethereum Copycats
Ethereum gas fees are insane. ETH 2.0 needs to get here ASAP no Rocky!😤
How to save my ETH?
Ethereum Token
Ethereum (ETH) vs. Cardano (ADA): Which Is Best?
Ya’ll stop playn’
Anyone else seriously regret not buying in earlier?
Friend called me crying.
Binance coin market cap shoots to $100 billion and now its bigger than Airbus and Zoom
ETC isn’t Ethereum.
Lost Boy!
ETC DOWN 👎DOGE UP ⬆️
Ethereum Rescue
Can you help me see if it's possible if I can get my money back?
High fees
MVRV-Z for Ethereum?
How Tech Bros Catfished Elon Musk into Pumping Dogecoin
Can I still buy ethereum when I'm staking?
Change my mind
Tanmay Bhat, a popular youtuber in India, makes a video about Ethereum
What happens to staking percentage after debut of 2.0? Will it stay around the same percentage?
Prayer Token Moon Locked Liquity 10x .!
Shiba
WTF happened? 3800???
Ethereum’s 27-Year-Old Co-Creator Is Now The World’s Youngest Crypto Billionaire
DeFi Now Holds Nearly Double the ETH Available on Exchanges
Trading Bitcoin cash for Ethereum
4 Great Things About Ethereum Classic
What the hell is going on??? Can someone explain?
There are two very real reasons Ethereum is taking off
The ethereal Ecosystem is strong ! 🚀
Max Gas too low
Can i make an Oracle Smart contract using a light node?
BUSD to Ethereum
New piece of week! Marty McFly NFT Portrait! Crypto Movie Arts - Opensea - Available Now!
3 Reasons Ethereum (ETH) Will Surpass Bitcoin (BTC), According to Billionaire Mark Cuban
Should I buy eth now or wait for a dip? Knowing crypto that dip might never happen but price looks like a ATH. Any advice?
Best time to buy ETH?
Made enough from etc to buy the real thing, ain’t much but it’s honest work
Eth 2.0 and "what will happen to your ETH"
Do I sell?
WTF?
Looking for user testers for a web 3.0 events platform
ETH dominance 16.9 %
Staking: If ETH goes up, isn't staking in our favor?
Sharing and asking for advice :)
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Piking' before its swooped up!
Revuto Token Sale
2 Parties with [Base 64 ART] today in CryptoVoxels &amp; Decentraland. Nft presentation, Fridays Music, and Social Event!!! More information and links in the comments
The fact that nothing at all has been done about this “glitch” is starting to make this situation feel like intentional market manipulation.
What is Eth 2.0 and will it effect my current Eth?
Ethereum Classic Price Prediction [May] - Ethereum Classic Hits All Time...
So did ether hit ath of 3806 today or no ? I know there is a glitch with CoinMarketCap but yahoo finance showing the same glitch ?!
Somebody at Yahoo's having some fun
A quick recap of the Ethereum price movement on 6th May (00:00 to 24:00 UST)
Ethereum &amp; NFT - How does it integrate
MakerDao (MKR) is the next crypto to skyrocket!!! Real defi project, 995k float, #37 rank right now and will be in the top 10!
Ethereal Virtual Summit Livestream Day 2: Mark Cuban, Snowden, Winklevoss, Vitalik, CZ Binance
Can someone explain what's going on here?
Effects of dapps, widespread adaptation of Ethereum on the price of ETH
TXID doesn't show up on etherscan
Please Help Me, "Covid19" Situation for Money Problem
Vitalik Buterin Talks NFTs, DAOs, DeFi and the Next Billion Ethereum Users
Wealth Distribution
If the gas fee you've set are too low and the transaction stucked, will the accelerate option in Exodus which add additional fee to speed it up, replaces or accumulate with your previous gas fee?
Will ETH2 staking rewards automatically compound?
Gas price 1 Gwei how?
How much ethereum should I buy?
Coinmarket cap issue on ETH?
Whats happening?
Ethereum is acting weird?
Can anyone explain me what is going on ?
Ethereum hits 3,800$ mark or is it just a bug? CoinMarketCap bounces between 3,500$ and 3,800$ Exodus Wallet shows 3,740$-3,800$ Binance is at 3,500$ And poloneix is also at 3,500$ What’s going on?
Whats going on?
Ethereum 2.0?
Family in need
What is this fuckery?
What’s going on here !?
What the heck is going on
Impact of Bitmain's Upcoming ASIC Ethereum miners on mining difficulty going up and mainly Ethereum Prices[DISCUSSION]
Product idea: crowdfunded conditional escrowed funds to incentivize positive action
Green Sally up and green Sally down Lift and squat, gotta tear the ground Green Sally up and green Sally down Lift and squat, gotta tear the ground.. 😂
this site is a scam do not sent anything to it
Optionsmarket.io is a brand new platform with a strong sense of community - every exchange platform earns money from transaction fees and OptionsMarket platform gives 80% of transaction fees back to investors. If you get involved right now, you get a 50% bonus on your investment as a reward.
Ethereum spike to 3.8k
Wtf is happening?
Interested to know more about DeFi?
A potential use case for decentralized communication (Deacon)
On Binance how to create a new ETH address
Active Validator Cap to improve Downtime Management
whale just bought?
Ethereum at $3,800 usd !?!
NFTs: Fad or Future? Uncovering the Truth of the Hype
You ok ETH?
ETH &gt;
Can anybody help me to get why I have lost money after this transaction ?
Can someone explain to me - like I’m an idiot - how staking eth works. Are there “safe” pools to stake in and “unsafe ones”? How can I do it from a hardware wallet.
Anyone know what is going on right now?
What is going on with the yahoo finance tracker?
Anyone know whats going on? It pumped up to 3800 two times, and then right back to 3500. Is it a glitch?
what was that??
Ethereum for the Next Billion: Announcing the EF Fellowship Program - Aya Miyaguchi
ETH
Official NFT Anthem available at Opensea
Assasins Token Moon 100x Locked Liquity Cmc Listing Coming soon.!
Newbie question: Porn in Ethereum blockchain?
Risks of staking? (Per coinbase disclosures)
Did I make a big mistake staking ETH on Binance ?
Did I make a big mistake staking ETH on Binance ?
I want to invest in Ethereum for the first time. Do you think it will dip a bit first?
Resources for studying Ethereum?
GoCrypto just announced they partnered with world's second largest payment solution provider: Global Payments Inc.- "GoCrypto will soon be available to millions of merchants" - bringing crypto payments to the mainstream - Good news for ETH, since you can pay with ETH at GoCrypto locations too.
I want to invest in Ethereum for the first time (for long-term). Do you think it will dip a bit?
ETH to Ethereum Connection
Is tech guru Peter Thiel right about China using Cryptocurrency as a financial weapon to destabilize the USD?
Is Ethereum still worth buying at an all time high of $3450 for a first time cryptocurrency investor?
Taking profit
Is it a bad idea to use tornado.cash?
Trying to recover old wallets
Arthit Kosachunhanun on Substack
I hold ethereum on Revolut (EU)...
Get ETC now
Difficulty accessing my ETH on MEW
Difficulty accessing my ETH on MEW
Cryptocurrency exchange (Atomars) executive disappears with users money
Help - sent etc to eth wallet on bitmart
Looking into my first Ethereum Investment!
Check out my analysis and PRICE PREDICTION and why I feel ETH will hit $10k by the end of the year. https://youtu.be/4wg-1AFhLow
Newbie question on selling Ethereum and fees
Ethereum Classic is unique on it’s own. You needs to stop saying that Ethereum Classic doesn’t have any value just because Ethereum Classic is getting all the public attention at the moment. ETC and ETH are both POW and both were built on same blockchain. Please stop the hate.
With ETH trading at just under $3,500, take a look at the latest monthly Ethereum update with Alex Saunders from Nugget's News &amp; Anthony Sassano 👇
🤔 is this good or bad? Probably a dumb question.
Could be wrong sorry look your selves
You can buy ETH with 300+ cryptocurrencies on SimpleSwap – instant crypto exchange without sign up!
ETH price after EIP 1559
April Top Dapps by Volume, 3 Ethereum Dapps
Elon's bored Projects
Is there ever a bad time to buy?
Should I Transfer What I Made From ETC to Ethereum¿
Top30 NFT Marketplaces Eco by 30d Volume 🥇Ethereum $203.66M, top 2: OpenSea $78.05M, CryptoPunks $74.50M 🥈WAX $33.83M 🥉Binance Smart Chain $5.93M 🔥 0xPolygon (MATIC), Zilliqa
new ICO... Good one
Cheers!🤞
Any idea when Eth 2.0 will be rolled out?
Metamask Multi Accounts
Ethereum Newbie Here: How do Wallets work?
Etherscan vs metamask receipts
How u/vbuterin killed many college students and third world countries dream
What happens to the price when all the eth is mined?
Take us to the moon 🚀
Uniswap Version 3.0 Now Successfully Deployed on Ethereum (ETH) Mainnet
Solo Mine Monero!!!
Save America - President Donald Trump With Ann Vandersteel &amp; Charlie Ward
ETH ready for another leap
Eth is going up
Please support my art! The fire cupido!
Ethereum passes $3,500, makes 27-year-old founder a billionaire
Ethereum Powered
Spider in the bathroom – limited edition 10/10
I'm new, how much to start with?
Milk And Butter Token - Churning Butter For Charity And Profit
Reminder: Google, Uber, Amazon, and all tech giants would HAPPILY drive you out of business. It's not about whether we should decentralize marketplaces, we need to work hard on it, NOW.
All my Erc20 tokens are now hopless because I don't have ether fee. I need help. I believe if crypto will take the future one of our major problem that needs attention is gas fee.
Ethereum price jumps to new all-time highs as eBay is reportedly exploring NFT auctions
How can i put my own crypto currency on (coinbase, exodus, crypto.com, binance etc)?
Will Eth gas prices still fluctuate wildly after EIP1559?
Will gas price still fluctuate wildly after EIP1559?
Ethereum 2.0?
Ethereum, guarded by Ether Lake. The reflection, is real, follow it back to where Ethereum lay (blue color middle, right side). It's an OpenSea of possibility. But can you actually see it? Still Unconventional, period. Full resolution "private"
MAy 6-7 thoughts 100% diamond hands ETC
What does this mean for Ethereum ?
EIP 1559 and future liquidity crisis?
Coinbase?
Bought more during the dip. Showing support all the way from Sputh East Asia. Let's go to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Blockchain explorer saying my total account value is almost double what it is?
What are some good current resources for learning to develope on Ethereum?
Feeling generous and giving away my seed phrase with $500 worth of ETH to whoever tells the best story
END DAY  
Hey, can anyone help me please I'm confused. myetherwallet in the token section how do I transfer?
Mfw ETH crosses $4K
Those ATH Ethereum prices sure are great...
Looks like Friday payday has become purchase ETH day.
gas fee
Help understanding erc20 token Transfers
Should I get in now or wait for a dip?
Converting ERC-20 to BEP-20
4,000 before the end of the day guys, it’s happening!
Transferring ERC-20 version of token to BEP-20 address
should i just buy at ath?
reddit blows
TheCryptoSheet got Ethereum Right Last week!
Hive Blockchain
Ether just broke a all time high
We Called Ethereum Correctly last week
We Called Ethereum correctly last week
🆙‼️‼️ Anyone watching with me?
Ethereum Tools will soon work on Celo
Hi, how to make an account and mine ethereum
Gas Prices, Someone Please Explain!
Tomb of Yaqub Leys Saffari
Let me try ETH... Wait $163 FEES?!?!?! WHAT!
Eth fees have a long way to go... Trying to make a swap for $130 on UNI will cost me $147 in fees...
The Flippening.
New in town
How does ethereum effect my taxes, I’m 19 and new to crypto I own about half an eth and have been writing down every transaction except for the last 2. So my question is, do I need to keep writing every little thing down or will I be sent all the info before tax season. Thanks in advance.
Russia sold Ethereum for Dogecoin (meme)
Did anyone see this yesterday
Keeping 1.5 Ethereum in Coinbase Pro ?
New crypto Pump group
Just bought my first ethereum with a forgotten Bitcoin account :3
Holy network fees
Deflation Versus User-Friendliness
Does Eth have a ¢ equivalent for smaller denominations?
Why are transactions fees so high rn ???
Sorry for the dip
I know eth doesn’t fuck around with gas fees but what in gods name is this
Lost crypto currency!
Ethereum Dip?
The good ol days
The Ethereum Foundation now has 1.5 B worth of ETH. They should convert 25% of that into DAI to ensure they'll be properly funded long term.
Here is a cool Ethereum design I made! What do you guys think?
$4000 incoming. Breaking out and breaking UP! 🚀💎📈🤑💰
Is Revolut a good place to buy eth?
ETH gas prices Opensea
Fees more than the swap itself
Reality of dogecoin
Should I ??
Is it worth investing now, as a young adult?
Hey guys rookie here this is my first crypto just $50 I sacrifice paying my wifi to buy this would love to see the growth (bought with kraken platform). Love from jamaica 🇯🇲
If you invested in ETH just 14 days ago at previous ATH , you would still be making 74.8% profit!!! 🚀🚀 #TimeInTheMarket beats #TimingTheMarket
Wanting to be a little pessimistic before I bet the family farm on more ETH
Robinhood Help
Don't Understand Robinhood Here
My coins have been stolen
MATIC Coins Stolen
How NFTs work | Animated explainer - beginner friendly
Petition for Sparkpool to Return Stolen Miners Incomes
Hope I made the right choice because I bought my 2nd ETH just now! Do you think this was a good time? I kept waiting for another dip but didn't see one coming. Hoping this move pays off and will be life changing for my kids and myself...
What are the best podcasts that discuss Ethereum?
Crash
Found my paper wallet from 2018
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
What caused the mini but deep dip
After seeing all the artwork you guys made, I thought this was another ETH piece
Was it dumb to swap ETH for ETC?
This is a casino, sir. Not a financial institution.
Which is the best app to invest in crypto?
Strange question.
Any good ERC20 DeFi Tokens on Trust Wallet?
I waited all afternoon for the dip that never came and finally bit the bullet and bought 1 ETH at ~3.9k. TELL ME I DID THE RIGHT THING 😅🥵🤑
$145 gwei to harvest $1 FARM 0_o
Is 300 dollars enough to get in on ethereum?
HEY! I'm a beginner at this , should I invest on ether? Could someone explain how does it work? Im from latin america and I've been told that this is a smart way to invest my money.
Best wallet to buy and store ETH?
Where to buy ethereum and what wallet to use on mobile I'm canada
I waited all day for the dip that never came and finally bit the bullet and bought 1 ETH at ~3.9k 😅🥵🤑 TELL ME I WON’T REGRET IT
SATOSHI'S SATISFYING NFT!!!
Cheapest way to convert Eth to weth?
Hello, 15 year old male here, I need some advoce
keep my guys safe!!
New
Binance/Coinbase or Ledger?
New here - long time listener first time caller. Why should you stake? I have 3.2 ETH, I guess my question is - what does staking do for you?
My eth is stuck in Binance peg eth. Does anyone know how I can get it out of the Binance chain and send it to my Coinbase?
Weekly Digest: Buterin Became a Billionaire As Hotbit Got Hacked
Transferring ETH from Exchange to Wallet to Uniswap
I’ve been dumping my silver and buying ETH. My profit on $10k worth of silver this year is zero. With ETH, I’m up $400+ today alone. I’m glad it’s not too late to get onboard.
Can you hear the sound of money in space? $4000 here we come!
Me watching ETH cross $4,000
Is it too late to buy some ethereum?
Me watching ETH cross $4,000
The possibilities...
4K here we come!!!
I want to buy ETH
U.S. exchange to directly trade DOGE for ETH?
My 78 Year Old Mother Bought Ethereum and Made $250 Profit, and She Told Me To Hodl
Traded all my btc for ethereum lets goooo
Congratulations to all ethereum investors! It is on the rise. The overwhelming online info suggests that many platforms for buying it make it really hard to withdraw funds once you paid for ethereum. Can someone recommend where I can buy it safely from?
The transfer fee is ridiculous!
My 78 year old mother bough ether and she made $250 in a week.
Im new to btc and eth
Short Squeeze ETH to $10k
Best ETH wallet?
Ether is going sick. Massive buy orders coming in. Million dollar blocks! $5,000 here we come!!! 💰🤑📈💎🚀
Ethereum to 5K before the end of the month?
Question regarding ERC20 Token Smart Contract services. Reputable or dead services.
Losing mining fees to Uniswap - anyone else?
Fluctuations or hardware becoming obsolete 🤔 I've only got a 1060, I've tried underclothing it a bit to get some stability, but I'm kinda lost and perplexed 🤔
I got distracted and I accidently sent ETH kucoin to an ETC address trust wallet. How do I recover my coin? Please Help
WTF
NFT strategy for physical assets - what motivates owners to keep NFTs linked to the physical asset?
Will I ever be able to buy ETH at a normal broker?
I hope ETH take the leadership of market...
Ethereum Broke Into Top 20 Market Cap! Going To Surpass JP Morgan &amp; Visa Soon!
Should ETH flip BTC this month (not as crazy as you think), will BTC ever recover?
Why is DeFi replacing traditional Finance? An overview of Decentralized Finance (DeFi)
Why is DeFi replacing traditional Finance? An overview of DeFi
Does anyone know when there will be a next big correction?
The road to $150k
Just bought 0.1 ETH
Ethereum Meetup Parking Lot (2021)
Bought some USDT on the ERC20 blockchain and now I can’t get rid of it.
I want to get in on ETH but I want to wait for a dip. Any dip predictions? Lol.
Coinbase ETH 2.0 staking question
I messed up by sending 40USDT in ECR20 and now cant withdraw without those high gas fees
ETH going to go full Doge. On chain metrics suggest “the flippening” might happen this month.
I bought ETH on PayPal. Is that a dumb thing to do.
Best YouTube channels
Jhin Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Beautiful day!!!!
Buying ethereum
Fail with error 'Too little received' -- what does this mean?
People that think ETH is guna dip to 2k is absolutely insane we are taking of 🚀🚀🌙🌙🌙 we will have a pull back but we are taking offff!!!! ⬆️ ⬆️🚀🚀🌙
Quick question, will I be able to transfer rETH into a hardware wallet?
Ethirium classic will skyrocket
People that think ETH will dip back down to as low as 2k is absolutely insane !! We we are taking off t🚀🚀🚀🌙🌙
We can do it!!
When is ethereum 2.0 coming out?
Here are some fun facts about SHIBA Inu token which is the number one gas eating pair on Uniswap today
ETH flipped BTC as Celsius Network's most popular holding.
Two Types of Hardforks
Sent eth to wrong address anyway to recover?
Energy Consumption
transaction is pending for 8hrs now
I bought in late a few weeks ago, but it wasn’t too late.
What's your favorite Ethereum-based app/website?
Which cryptocurrency would you bet on?
My first ever crypto experience
Jhin Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
Hope this works out!
Price question...
Staking
It's just charging up for another spike. Buy before it's spikes guys👌
Ethereum / Smart Contract / ERC20 Token / NFT / Fully Synced Node Support... 1k -&gt; 💎🙌?
Can we reach 4000 today?
Noobs
I converted shiba and this happened
Thinking of swapping all for my coins for ethereum
I'm going to buy Ethereum, expect it to crash
Can there be a DAO for public safety? re: Alternative Policing
Ethereum is a no more a “coin” than the iPhone is a “phone”. It’s a platform.
DO I BUY A WHOME ETH RIGHT NOW EVEN THOUGH ITS AT AN ATH
If Hardware Wallet Malfunctions, Breaks Down or Gets Lost?
Is this normal?
When can I buy ETH
My first full $eth I did it!!
Sell or Hold
Blockchain is a Speciation
What is happening is outstanding!
Under which circumstances would you recommend staking/lending/liquidity mine ETH?
Just a pic in those great ETH times 😎🔥
Why is trading on my coin base pro acc disabled?
Transfer ethereum
Me watching Eth pump like a champion to $3800
Get $25 after trading $100 of Crypto (May 2021
ETH
Keep pushing people is going to get $10k soon
Eth About to hit new sky❣️
Does Coinbase Charge a Fee To Transfer Unused Fiat Back to Your Bank Account?
Dont let me get started on this!
So...did I lose my funds? I see the entire transaction removed from my wallet, but failed. I guess I don’t understand how it works. I was trying to provide liquidity on Uniswap for background reference.
Is the world is selling DOGE and buying ETH?
Why is gas so high rn?7+ times higher than usual .
Dip?
How can I invest in ethereum?
What is ethereum 2.0
No resistance left!
What is causing the high fees today? 350 gas!
Ether rn
A salute to everyone who sold at ATH waiting to buy back the dip
For all those wondering why those miner fees are looking so high when trying to transfer to your fav defi platform.
When eth has cool down periods, TELLOR pumps (1.5m) circulation on COINBASE
NFT Idea involving the Sale/Transfer of MMO Accounts
Eth $4000 today Wdyt?
Where can I buy a small amount of ethereum as a gift?
Please advise, Do you think i already miss the train on Eth?
Pump it up boys 🚀
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available
What network do I need to use to transfer Ethereum from Binance to Trust Wallet? ERC20?
When will Etherum switch to proof of stake?
Gas fees just skyrocketed. Anyone know why?
Up up
Are those temp and setup safe?
Expected value of Etheruem?
Can someone explain? It's infuriating!
New to crypto, need help.
Sending from MEW
💸💸💸💸🚀🚀🚀🚀
Ether Fund vs Ether?
How would someone go about mining Ethereum?
Transaction not showing in blockchain.
R.I.P. ETHEREUM
WholeEarthFoundation
Ethereum ALL TIME HIGHS!
Blockchain is a Speciation
Fees. Ok. $168.00 to swap something worth less than $1.00
Blockchain is a Speciation
Goldman Sachs' latest quarterly earnings call states how 14 different financial institutions are making their foray into cryptocurrency, and Ether is mentioned under CME Group. (Scroll way down to the section titled "Emerging Theme: Cryptocurrency")
How to start as developer on Ethereum Blockchain ( An Introduction to basic terminologies and Concepts) — Steemit
Am I supposed to move my ETH to a wallet?
What is your price prediction for this bull market?
How to swap ETH Token (BEP20) to ETH Coin
Staking for all in eth believer
Hello?
Very new to cryptocurrency. I am investing in ethereum.
The safest way to store ETH on a Trezor Wallet?
ETH vs ETC
This article dissing ValueDefi is pure gold
420blazing.crypto - Unstoppable Domains
How to spare on gas fees using smart contracts
T-rex miner—- did you discover any fraud in the t-rex miner? The developer removed the source from the github and the miner started to interfere, taking income from mining on Windows. Nicehash issued a note advising them to remove the plugin from their platform.
Can DeFi really go mainstream?
do I sell and take the losses or just wait it out ?
Joke Coin Passing Joke Platform?
Just put 1.5k into Etherium
Best Hardware wallet?
Safe sites for purchasing
How can DeFi replace traditional finance if borrowing from a protocol requires over-collateralization?
Merchant token
Crypto tracking apps on Android?
Blockchain download is ridiculously slow
My first payout
Ethereum 3000€
The reports of my death are greatly exaggerated
Forgive the dumb question, but
Solve this and ETH will explode, this is getting insane
Ethereum Continues Its Bullish Run As It Attempts to Jump Over $3,750 High
Father Token Token Moon 10x! Lock liquidity
Are u sure CoinMarketCap with that daily -5% right after a new ATH?
Arrived very late but looks good
Where can I buy ethereum same day with out having to wait for the funds to settle in because coin base is taking to long and I want to move ether to my meta mask wallet but the options they have are limited and won’t let me buy the amount of ethereum I want .
Ethereum Price Target for 2021?
ETH and the rest...
Interesting paper from 1997: Formalizing and Securing Relationships on Public Networks
Masterpiece one.
Shiba is going crazy!!! 🚀🚀💰💰💰💰💰💰🚀🚀
Gas fees.
Why eth competing with doge? 😩 I invested in both 🤷🏿‍♂️
My boyfriend absolutely loves it. I got one for myself too!
Ethereum DeFi activity up 527% YoY and 801% in USD value
A potential use case for decentralized communication (DeCom)
We're all still so early
I’ve sold everything and put it towards a 40/60 split of ADA / ETH
Noob staking question.
Major upgrades to the Ethereum network could help the cryptocurrency soar even higher
8th Monthly candle spells Doom for Ethereum
Can anyone explain me, what this Moo Auto Eth v2 is?
Petition for Sparkpool to Return Stolen Miners Incomes
FLEXPOOL -Since last few day I have observed that whenever gas fee goes up luck also increases resulting in very bad performance on pool. Not happy with flexpool switching back to Ethermine.
What are peoples thoughts on The “big crash”?
tally - arbitrary-precision arithmetic library for JavaScript and Ethereum VM
Binance - Staking ETH2.0 and BETH
Win BTC and CHSB with predictions
Exited Dogecoin, planning to buy Ethereum
Looking for job opportunity
Dirt Grub Mining
Is it worth making small investments in Eth?
getting low hash rates than before with a rx 570 8gb
Genuine question but, isn't Eth at a disadvantage by having unlimited supply?
The Ethereum Foundation now has $1.5 Billion USD worth of ETH. They should convert 25% of that into DAI to ensure they'll be properly funded long term. https://etherscan.io/address/0xde0b295669a9fd93d5f28d9ec85e40f4cb697bae
ZED could be the future of online horse racing.
Help I sent Ceth to my Eth wallet in Coinbase exchange.
Is it worth it to buy ethereum in really small quantities.
From Pioneers to Ecosystems: Understanding the Organization Challenges of the Blockchain Space
Help please
Transferring from Coinbase to Wallets?
I do have to say holding a whole coin feels quite good.
Announcement｜SofaSwap Website Reservation Test Will Be Ended On May 8th, 2021 24:00 (GMT+8)
Well...I finally did it. My first ETH. I didn’t want to buy at its “all time high,” which prevented me from entering for far too long. Better late than never I suppose.
ETH vs ETC. Blockchain backbone vs. Blockchain’s broken jawbone. 🎯
Bought my first Ethereum after learning ETC isn't real ether.
PAGE 12 - DREAMS
Need advice? Invested in Ethereum? Any other coin I should buy now? Cardano? I want to diversify. Basically I want to hold Ethereum but also want some other coin in case of emergency.
Green NFTs: A Study on the Environmental Impact of Cryptoart Technologies
ETH is the blockchain backbone. It’s ecosystem is incredible. ETC it is not. 📈💪🏻🚀🤑💰💎
XRP price?
XRP Price?
Crypto &amp; Friends
END DAY  
How I feel when ETH hit 4K ⬆️🚀🚀🌙
Woohoo! ETH hit 4K USD 🔥🔥🔥
Hi I just started ethereum mining with phoenixminer and I have seen others that their mh/s are around at least 10 above but, I am only getting 0.200 mh/s am I doing something wrong?
The Ethereum Boomin!!!
This OG has been hodling Eth for a minute
Thriller Insider - S4EP16: Ethereal Summit 2021 | Day 1 Recap
4K and climbing. Congrats to all those who’ve got ETH!
Congratulations Everyone we are making history 🚀🌝
Analyst Who Called $3,400 for Ethereum (ETH) Says $10,000 Is Next before the End of 2021
We did it boyz
Ethereum just broke $4,000
I like my Ethereum like I like my flat screens -- 4K!
NUMBERS GO BRRR
Video of Ethereum Breaking 4k on Robinhood (TikTok video)
ETH ATH now 4,033.00 USD!!!👾🚀💎
happy 4k
Me in the crypto chat with the homies
I’m in a decent amount of crypto related subreddits and u guys know know ur stuff
4K!!!!
40% to 10k 🎉
Another milestone boys
4K!!!!!
4K! Yessssssss.
Help with stuck transaction
Ethereum has officially reached $4000 USD!
$4000 🥳🥳🥳🤷🏼‍♂️
4K ETH let’s fucking goooooo
Watched it hit $4k. Now keep going! Congrats!
This may be just the begging
Ethereum Gas Fees / NFT Minting
4 K!
Soooo CLOSE
Finally
$4,000!
Happy 4k boys.
ETH hits 4k!!
The first 4k hit!
4K ⬆️⬆️⬆️🚀🚀🌙🌙🌙
Ethereum Socks
Just hit 4kkkkk
4K 🚀🎉
WE BROKE 4K OYS CAN I GET A OOOOOH YEAHHH
4K
4k!
4K
Uhm... yea okay. ETC has no future. “Just dropped 1500$ doge for ETC”😂these people.
Can I recover from Cryptsy?
What is a private transaction on Etherscan?
Can you use Ethereum to defi a traditional business?
when will eth top out? in the short term im guessing 4-5k usd
What is the best hardware wallet you folks are using to store your eth? I am looking at Ledger Nano X but wondering if that’s the best option?
The Fall of the Ethereum Killers
$10
Who's planning on missing out?
So polygon-matic disguised as l2 solution to steal ethereum users to their blockchain?
Could Ethereum implement a proof of time-space mining?
Could Ethereum implement a proof of time-space mining?
Help understanding my recent transactions and why tx fees were so high
Follow me on FND , Twitter and Instagram😎
How y’all feel about putting another grand into ethereum?
Investor Goals
4K
How do the wealthy secure their wallet?
[Help] Wallet rendered unusable due to stuck transactions
Someone is stealing my eth and I don’t know how
I bought ETH because I believe in its technology, but mostly because it sounds like something traded between Elves in Lord of the Rings
What will happen to the economy afer blockchain tech goes mainstream and so many people are out of work?
Blockchain and smart contracts for e-commerce
A short story!
Staking less than 1 ETH, any difference?
EIP1559 impact on Gas Fees
Ethereum iOS apps
Do I get more now!
Teach me: ‘Who’ makes the gas prices?
Finally joined the 1 eth club after dabbling for a few months :D Feels good.
When is the next dip
DigiMax Invests $5M In Custody Of Blockchain Disruptor Kirobo: Chris Carl's Perspective - The Dales Report
Ethereum for Dummies - the foundation for our digital future
Can someone help me with me WETH and ETH
How do I fix this Windows Mist and Wallet error after installation: Please install the geth node version 1.8.23?
QFS and ETH Survival?
How much amount of eth is required to stake?
Quick Question about this? What does this mean exactly?
Why has the etherium gas price risen again
Balancer Exchange
ETH mining Bot
Check CHIBA at DEXTools! Price: $0.00
Trying to understand trust wallet, bsc, BEP20 token and how that relate to Ethereum.
Staking vs Blockfi vs Celcius. Where should I put my ETH for better returns?
NEED HELP WITH MY BSC SMART CONTRACT
Resources on eth2?
This legit? I sent 2 dge waiting back
ETH 2.0 staking
Ad
The rise of crypto charities: Elongate and Munch raise millions for various causes
Who else saw it
Crypto newbie looking for an ELI5
Eoy price prediction?
Ethereum 2.0 Upgrade Question
ETH 2.0 staking
Proof of Stake Fallacy. Does anyone have a rebuttal to this?
Best place to buy ETH?
How is the "validator" System not more centralizing?.....32 ETH is too high of a minimum.
Eth viability
Hi, how long would it take to send a small amount of ETH to an other account?
New to the Crypto world! Opinions..
To the moon! 🚀🌚
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
To the moon! 🚀🌚
Sent with too low Gwei
Shiba 4 life
New airdrop 🔥🔥🔥
iTecs accepts Ethereum
Amerikan Armudu
Mining tips after EIP1559. Can you explain how this will put me in line if I don’t tip the miner?
No such a risk in staking eth 2.0 as told?
German Solidity programmer
and OF COURSE someone minteda Yo Momma joke as an NFT, making fun of gas fees and Vitalik's fortune, lol 😜😂
$4000
Vitalik's wallet, proof that ETH wallets are safu?
ETH GAS FEE
Pending transaction from Unifyre Wallet
Promo, Promo, Promo
To the moon! Thanks elon!
Script to sign transactions offline?
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
GEMINI
When I create an ERC-20 token and move it between wallets: 1/ Where does the transaction appear? Etherscan, elsewhere? 2/ How to calculate the transaction price of these tokens?
When I make ERC-20 token and move them them between wallets: 1/ can I check transaction on etherscan - or elsewehere? 2/ how high fees will be?
Is it worth buying now
Enterprise DeFi will Drive Financial Inclusivity
When Elon sends signals !!!
I am Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA) Ethereum and Bitcoin for next 3 years !
Price discussion
BCT just stealth launched NOW
CarLive CHAIN (IOV)
Buy ethereum or mining rig for eth
İmmortal Token 10x! Locked Liquidity
SoulcraftPhotography.com
Crypto analyst who nailed ethereum's climb to $3,400 says $10,000 is next
Here’s the sign we have all been waiting for. Invest!!!
To the moon! Thanks elon musk
Just bought a bunch of ether and I am basing it on SJW mentality making ether replace bitcoin.
Smart Contract For Novice
ERC20 wallet and mining
I accidently sent 0 eth transaction followed by original amount transaction. The 0 eth transaction consumed eth.
I don't like 1559
join the just-started Metis airdrop
ZKSwap April Milestone — What have we accomplished so far and Q&amp;A as well as Weekly Dev &amp;…
Coinbase 6% stake vs. Gemini 7.6% APR interest compounded daily?
ZKSwap on Twitter
ZKSwap on Twitter
Mining/Gaming Auto Switch Script - detects running games and turns off your miner (and OC), turns it on again when game is not running anymore
What will happen if I send Matic Polygon to an ETH address?
Uniswap v3: Introducing Concentrated Liquidity Providing and Maximizing your Capital’s Efficiency
Staking ETH 1 vs ETH2
converting eth to ada
@Citizen_finance amazing project and very high quality work, I advise everyone to closely monitor the news of the Car Coin. Such a big project and team was very strong.
Should I buy ETH Today?
Help Binance.US is slowing down my investments. They won’t let me transfer more than 1k a day and customer service doesn’t respond. Meanwhile Eth is going up by the minute. Losing hundreds of dollars waiting around wasting time.
Should i Stake my ETH for ETH 2.0?
ETH Deposits taking forever?
How can I get coins out of the eth network? Is there no other way?
Can the mods enforce their policy of no price discussion and the "i have one whole eth" please? This sub turned onto ethtrader
Scooped up 3 coins today, what are we thinking the price will be in 10yrs? I realize it’s all speculation just curious
MogulCoin!
What is the best cold wallet for an Apple iPhone?
ETH coins missing! Plz help
Aren't Wallet Applications A Sort of Centralization
How do I spend ethereum?
Even crypto haters believe in ethereum
Trying to mine Ethereum
BlockFi Interest
Luno free mining power for Bitcoin
Will Ethereum kill bitcoin?
Crypto Fiend - the famous youtube channel with 84.5K subscribers - is talking about the Bitcoin8m project. what is he talking about and is this a scam project? #Bitcoinblocksizematters
What does the famous youtube channel UP NEXT CRYPTO talk about the Bitcoin8m project?
Crypto Fiend - the famous youtube channel with 84.5K subscribers - is talking about the Bitcoin8m project. what is he talking about and is this a scam project? #Bitcoinblocksizematters
Mining with GTX 1060 3GB Cards| GTX 1060 3GB Mining Profitability In 2021 in Hindi
Cardano Nominated Blockchain Of The Year + Dogefather SNL Fiasco
Only posting this here cause I got banned from cryptocurrency for cursing someone who was Telling people to buy ETC
Where to purchase ethereum? [newbie question]
How is bitcoin8m created and why it won’t cause a hard fork
Why can’t NY residents stake on Coinbase?
Polygon (Matic) just broke $1! Helping Ethereum scale.
Think, Dogecoin. Think!
An interesting post that explains why bitcoin requires a larger block size until a proper scaling solution is found. Take a look at it. #Bitcoinblocksizematters
Could anyone please send me some ethereum, it would make my day and would help my financial struggles.
Moving crypto from Coinbase vault – which is the best cold storage device?
Does ethereums price correlate with its actual utility?
Need help with ETH stable coins
Hey everyone- first Reddit post ever!! My post is in regards to eth Solana and Ada. Going to own some of all and looking for best hardware wallet for staking that is compatible for all 3. Long term holds. Any suggestions new to crypto space and just looking to grow
Ethereum is king
Found old ETH wallet that's legacy is it safe to consolidate with current ETH wallet in my ledger?
Question learning writing dapps
Writing dapps newbie question
How will Eth2.0 solve frontrunning?
EU staking on Coinbase
Show some love to them.
Binance-Peg Ethereum
How to store ETH at trezor model t?
Staking via Rocket Pool
Staking ETH via Rocket Pool
Ethereum &gt; Bitcoin
good choice or a no-go
Dogecoin Knockoff Puts $8 Billion in Ethereum Founder Buterin’s Wallet - Decrypt
Great resources
[HELP] I'm new and I'm completly lost
Got my first ETH buy in today
Is it good time to invest a little in ethereum?
See on twitter !! @YassirCoin
[GUIDE] The Absolute Beginner's Guide to Cryptocurrency Investing, everything you'll need to get started
Price Expectancy Opinions
Sounds about right
Price Analysis: Ethereum (May 2021)
Can it break $4k? When and why
Rarestar 8 Released!
EThereum
Low Hashrate when running 2 gpu
Should I invest £1000 on my 18th birthday?
But of staking education
[HELP] Will my transaction go through?
Is now a good time to buy etherium ?
Moving significant amount of crypto from Coinbase vault – which is the best cold storage device?
Should I stake eth or store in a cold storage? What are pros and cons of staking? .. holding eth at least end of this year.
perfect
Not looking good for Ethereum.
Withdrawing from Phemex??
ETHERUEM NOW ACCEPTED AT BLESSINGS FOR AFRICA! Https://blessingsforafrica.com
To buy ETH or to Mine?
Developer | Project Promotion
How to go about turning crypto ideas into reality?
Ethereum To The Moon 🚀🚀🚀🚀
My first NFT
MY FIRST NFT COLLECTION!
Michael J. Saylor Who owns 90k+ Bitcoins Presented His Views &amp; Takes On Ethereum,
CoinMetrics: What Net Issuance of Ethereum (ETH) Would Look Like if EIP-1559 Burns 75% of Fees
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
Buy etherum in a safe manner.
Hey am I Always late to the Game?
Any predictions on when the next correction for ETH will be?
Why bitcoin is so popular (please SubScRiBe to chaNNel)
Smart Yield Report: April
Question about gas fees
MyEtherWallet or MyCrypto to begin with?
Ethereum bullish momentum continues, heading to $4000
Why have my etherium profits skyrocketed
BTC, we're coming for you.
Need Help! Lost Wallet c.2015
How safe is wbtc?
Where do I park my ether, for moderate gains (even 10-20% APY would do), but low risk and not be exposed to any other crypto.
A reminder: all things in perspective. #HODL
ARRIVAL, an Ethereum inspired artwork by me.
New to coins, Questions about Ethereum &amp; related coins
Gas price 1 Gwei how is this possible?
Is it possible for Ethereum to crash?
Bittrex scam alert
T-rex - malicious?
Please help, cost gas fees for transfer
Is buying ETH on etoro bad? Can i and should i transfer it to coinbase?
0,0004 Smart Chain BNB please!
Must watch video State of the art technical analysis building channel onyoutube.com join the movement and help fight back from criminal banking cartel come join us at Vincenzo’s gold Crypto investing on YouTube Must watch Bitcoin video https://youtu.be/GJRtLY4xBxk
Are you seeing dip in ethereum?
What is the safest way of buying ethereum? I read a lot of information online, including that buying off a platform such as Etoro will not mean you own your Ethereum. So is it better to buy if from a trading platform or other websites?
New to Cryptocurrency. Noob question.
Recovery of fund
How much will it be in March 2022?
Congratulations to all ethereum investors! It is on the rise. The overwhelming online info suggests that many platforms for buying it make it really hard to withdraw funds once you paid for ethereum. Can someone recommend where I can buy it safely from?
Stake or not?
Trading Questions
Point of view on Stock markets vs. Crypto markets and being late
What would happen if ETH flips BTC ?
I’m a newcomer
What would happen if ETH flip BTC ?
Where to buy Ethereum
With Full Confidence, The Investment Tycoon Predicts That Ethereum Can Rise As High As $10,000 Before The End Of The Year
With Full Confidence, The Investment Tycoon Predicts That Ethereum Can Rise As High As $10,000 Before The End Of The Year
Eth $4000 today!
Just put all my gains from other coins into ETH
Using Swissborg. Is it good/should I change ?
Should I use minerstart or should I run my own mining script for ethereum
Mother´s Day – super ultra rare 1/1
Just bought 1 ETH. I know it’s small, but it’s honest work.. let’s get to $5000 boys.
Grandfather Ethereum
What are the chances of eth dropping? Want to invest in it but it is literally $50 away from 4K.
If I've held on to a Ethereum coin since December 2017 - have there been any hard forks I should check for extra coins?
Predictions?
looking to invest in ethereum
New to ETH, curios about good buy in price and difference from ETC.
3.9k now its only a matter of time before you can watch ETH in 4K Ultra HD
If I had extra money, I'd buy more ethereum just to help push it to 4k. So close!!!
ETH (crypto) scams
What's Future Music?
Ethereum has outperformed Bitcoin throughout 2021. I’m so glad to be in it. Let’s hope for 4K tomorrow!
We coming 4u BTC. Called us a shitcoin? EIP-1559 will be the first shot. 💥 $3960 LETS F**CKING GO!
Anyone else see this? Almost seems like a hidden message in the new Netflix movie The Mitchels Vs The Machines. Pretty coincidental!
Is the fee flat
IRS REQUESTS KRAKEN TO GIVE ALL CRYPTO INVESTORS INFO
Is it too late to invest in ETH? Sorry guys, I am a new investor.
You heard her
END DAY  
Importance of Sharding on Ethereum
100k per token
ETH in wallet or ETH certificates
ETH in wallet or ETH certificates
What's the difference between an open source program and a decentralized app?
EIP-155: How can we post signed Tx that do not have the EIP-155 chainID? In some recovery situations, this would be the only way to recover access.
r/Ethereum_Phoenix
FUCK ETHEREUM
Question: I created a MEW few years ago with user name and password, but can’t access it now?
Importing Existing Account into New Wallet - Questions
New to ethereum
HODL
Unused Smart Contracts (Overall Ethereum Network)
Transaction help!
My Ethereum Moment 🦇 🔉 💰
"we'll see......" ;)
Sheeeeeeesh 🚀📈⌚️
One of my recent proposals for how to charge gas costs per code chunk accessed (to make statelessness viable once we add verkle trees)
Ethereum Skyrockets Past $4K Tapping a New ATH, Ether Dominance Jumps to 20%
Owning 1 ETH is slowly becoming out of reach for most people in the world.
Eth Correction
Nightmare Status: Migrating Liquidity from V2 to V3, Half of My Liquidity Disappeared ?
Are these temps ok?
Vitalik Buterin and Hoskinson
Exchanges for Minors?
TO MY ETH MILLIONAIRE
To my ETH Rich Gang
Ethereum Skyrockets Past $4K Tapping a New ATH, Ether Dominance Jumps to 20%
What is ETH doing right now?
Gas fees
Sent tusd instead of usdt
I feel like an addict, spending every extra dollar I have on ether.
Glasgow Scotland calling Ethereum. Can someone explain the unbelievable fees quoted.
Best safe/legit place to buy Ethereum ?
Close one! 😆
How do you get a .eth without the insane gas fees?
Ethereum Skyrockets Past $4K Tapping a New ATH, Ether Dominance Jumps to 20%
Adress from 2018 is showing balance on etherscan, but no balance in binance (deposit adress). I beileibe i used to use MEW back then through the website where you could enter your adress and a password (still possible)
Binance-pegged ETH
Is ether price about the dip hard? I feel like this fast increase in value with no logical pattern of growth will cause sell off in mass and drop value. (Then ill scoop in the cheap coins while the price is low 😉)
Any tips would help!
Should i invest my savings into Ethereum?
These gas fees are outrageous and hilariously saddening!
Actor William Shatner tags Reddit Co-Founder Alexis Ohanian on Twitter asking about .ETH names [itshappening.gif]
God : money doesn’t buy happiness
Big banks are trying to destroy faith in crypto. I guess we’re a threat to their existence.
Stake on Coinbase? Or Gemini compounded
Price doesn’t make sense considering usability
The Fuck?
Why did BTC, Etherium, and Doge all dip at 3:55pm today?
Sending some ETH back home to help support India's failing healthcare infrastructure
HODL!!!
Hello! I'm new to crypto and am looking to possibly invest in ETH, is there any advice/info anyone would like to enlighten me on that you wish you knew when starting?
Sending some of my $ETH gains to my home country to support India's failing healthcare infrastructure
Finally I convinced my wife to join me and she bought her first 2 ETH
Ethereum (ETH) Holders' Behavior in $4,000+ Waters Described by Analysts
Isn't Ethereum just a democracy?
Advice for a complete beginner
ETH 2.0 And transaction fees as Ether value increases.
Hello Everyone need some help
Hello need some help with metamask
Staking ETH interest rates and platforms.
269 ethereum unable able to send/withdraw out of account
How long will it take for businesses to accept ETH as a form of payment?
splitting gas fees with a buddy
splitting the gas fees
Paying taxes on your gains (Germany)
Just Another Ethereum Scam (This is a long post)
How can I buy cryptocurrencies with a passport but without KYC?
Will Ethereum v2 be faster and lower mining fees?
5.10.21: The TIDE seems to be turning... the AWAKENING is happening. Pray!
Do you think that after ETH 2.0 release, the price will go to the moon or just drop like the way dogecoin did?
How to convert Binance-Peg-Ethereum to Ethereum?
Do long-time-pending transactions due to low fee ever cancel/drop by themselves?
Pathos Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Places to buy crypto under 18 in US
Converted my DOGE for ETH
ETH bounced at EXACTLY €3000 earlier today
Converted my DOGE to ETH
You know fees are bad when even Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are complaining about it.
Contact trust wallet response team
Just converted my DOGE to ETH
Transferred Binance peg Ethereum (Bep20) from trust wallet to Mega Mask and can’t see it anywhere
EIP2929 will create a “stateless blockchain network”. Meaning storage isn’t needed &amp; miners can’t be DoS’d. Faster, more secure, &amp; cheaper. 🎯
Help binance peg ethereum
Ridiculous gas fees
TSLA Bull here - Thinking about selling most, if not all of it, for ETH.
Friendly HELP needed. So traded some ETH for some Akita early this morning and it’s been about 10+ hours and my transaction hasn’t cleared yet (still pending) can anyone help with some guidance? Your help would be greatly appreciated! R ￼
Why doesn't everyone use DAI instead of USDC and Tether? Are stable coins like DAI the future of stable coins?
🔴Live Ethereum Price
Civil War/
Ethereum’s ecosystem VS. the Dogecoin ecosystem 🎯🤣
Unbelievable network fees
ether
Metamask possible vulnerabilities
Find the best cryptocurrency exchange platforms
Ethereum is eating Bitcoin's lunch on the way to breaking the $4,000 barrier for the first time.
Stacked ETH
Please help me, I’m new and just wanted to buy ETH.
Spring SALE - Innosilicon A11 (Pre-orders), Innosilicon A10, Goldshell KD5, Antminer S19 Pro 110Th/s and much more
The appeal of the DAO movement is fuelled by the sense that almost all of the democratic processes are broken in today’s society... mismanaged public health, food supply, water, air quality have impacts worldwide. The actions of one person in Wuhan can have global ramifications.
How early in this process are we now in terms of investing in ETH? What is the future?
In Colony, it is reputation, rather than voting, that keeps things moving... bureaucracy is stifling in the day to day activities of a company, and shouldn’t be necessary for a decentralized organization... voting on everything is a sure-fire way to ensure that nothing gets done.
ERC1155 minting and claiming questions
Layer 2 rollup solves the gas fees problem
8 billion $ (2,040,292.87 ETHERS) for this NFT ? Is a Kanye West creation? WTF guys!
I bought eth on gemeni.
Adhara, tokenized blockchain banking solution provider, raises $7.5m Series A - Ledger Insights - enterprise blockchain
ETH PRICE ??????
Crypto Launch in a community
What crypto application do y’all use, give me advice.
8 billion $ (2,040,292.87 ETHERS) for this NFT ? Is a Kanye West creation? WTF guys! https://opensea.io/accounts/MaisonLaitong
Regrets
Marathon mines compliant block, Crypto coming to US banks, Kraken bows to IRS - To the Moon Ep. 11
Put in my first $50 in ETH!
What happened here? All of crypto dipped at the same time...
No wonder ETH is bullish... The Mitchells vs. the Machines movie
go-ethereum -- funds sent never arrived...
Bankless - Legitimacy - Vitalik Buterin
Ethereum protocols to Solana increasing! Interoperability becoming mainstream!
Stellar Lumens Prediction - XLM Parabolic NEWS - XLM A one way TICKET to the MOON!
How to code your own ERC721 smart contract
So I bought the dip
Not financial advise
Just Another Ethereum Scam
Ethereum Virtual Machine as second layer on feeless IOTA in the future
Ethereum @ 500$
Mastercard survey: 40% of people want to pay with cryptocurrencies
The 'Four Horses' of Crypto Adoption Are 'Galloping': Ethereum Co-founder Joseph Lubin
Ethereum 10k
What does this mean to regular ETH holders?
What the fuck just happened?
4 pm dip? What happened?
ETH hack
"Sudden ETH"
r/BioCryst Lounge
What's happening with the prices?
I've written an eBook on Recovering Stolen Cryptocurrency
Thoughts about the DeFi project hack?
Why is it taking so long to transfer my wallet balance?
BUY BUY BUY!!!
Is owning *less than* one Eth matter as an investment?
ERC20 Tokens
Waiting for that
the FUCK is going on
Anyone get it on the BIG SALE just now? My heart dropped and jumped all in 5 seconds
Eth will surpass BTC?
trying to swap eth for a coin but the gas price is at $160 however on gasnow.org it says it is around 40? any help
$RAND
What’s up with the nose dive right now?
Huge whale sale right now. Buy buy buy
NFT exchange
Can’t find my ETH on trust wallet?
Question about gas fees New to eth
How to Swap ETH for ETH BEP2?
How will debt be addressed on ethereum smart contracts?
SOUND BOY APPAREL- NOW ACCEPTING ETHEREUM 💥
Math
Had a go at making the Ethereum symbol
The ultrasound money meme explained
Crypto Time Capsule
Can someone the ETH fees spike?
What happens if an eth transaction is pending and you are trying to receive eth
It's been awhile… I am very confused
How to get out of multiple bad / pending transactions
I bought ethereum on trust wallet about 30 minutes ago and it still isn’t showing in my account? Even if i check my wallet on the ether scan it says 0.00. is it just backed up right now?
How do I transfer my tiny ETH from Binance to Coinbase?!
Issues with bank of America?
Where to buy new crypto currencies
The best Ethereum Faucet (without captchas)
"News" groups are just trash
MEV (Miner Extractable Value) Long Term Concern : Article by Pmcgoohan
Gas fees were collected but didn't receive tokens
I'm about to buy crypto for first time. Need help, i'm using coinbase
Spring SALE - Innosilicon A10, Goldshell KD5, Antminer Z15, Antminer S19 Pro 110Th/s, Innosilicon A11 (Pre-orders) and much more
Mining pool transaction fee.
Messed up a lot of transactions
Blockchain currency swap - funds missing?
Send it to the moon!!!!!!
Extreme transaction/networking fees?
$200 in gas fees, transaction failed, all lost
Series-C Blockchain Startup AnChain.AI HIRING Smart Contract Security Researcher
Billie Eilish - Your Power (Official Music Video)
ETH gass fees higher than my swap investment
GPU limiters
I’m guessing 5K next Sunday?🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀
Vitalik have 50% of Shiba Token and the value is 3,298,315.377267 ETH! MORE THEN 333K thats Vitalk own wow.
Why MEV Is Way Worse Than You Think
I understand how smart contracts work and their purpose - but how does one know what smart contract they need to write ?
Is ethereum price dropping anytime soon ?
There is a Pending txn with a lower account nonce. This txn can only be executed after confirmation of the earlier. HELP PLZ
Convert all BTC into ETH?
Massive fees
Developers in a team
Buy£1 of crypto get £5 instant
Transaction fee are terrible
Staking pool for eth 2.0 in Canada ?
Newbish question about staking. If you’re planning on holding long term, should you stake all of your ETH? Are there any downsides to this?
DeFi at Polkadot Yield Farming at Ducat Network. Combining the best decentralized finance with high returns
Dragon Strategy Game on ETH Blockchain
Cool ETH Blockchain Game about Dragons!
Forgive my inexperience, but am I subject to CGT if I convert between cryptocurrencies, say Ether to bitcoin? What about converting Ether to USD while still keeping the money on Coinbase or Kraken?
Chinese Company Urban Tea Accepts Bitcoin (BTC), Ethereum (ETH) and Dogecoin (DOGE)
I’m an ETH hodler, and I am ashamed at how salty and insecure this community has become against our little brother ETC or other cryptos in general. Before, we could support other cryptos without being douchebags, now ETH is just filled with snowflakes, shitting on anybody outside of ETH.
We are losing the core concept of what is a crypto currency..
Raoul Pal Explains Why His Portfolio is 98% Crypto
Extremely low hash rate
How to ensure my ETH wallet is "Valid"?
How long will cross shard transactions take?
How long will cross shard transactions take?
How to calculate profit?
Lmao
Aight folks! I left doge lol time for a real coin. I gotta start reading ya’lls posts to see what this coin bout to do. I’m in way late.
What should I set my Gas limit to?
The Creator Of Ethereum Was Unwittingly Gifted Half Of A Dog Meme Cryptocurrency. That Gift Is Now Worth $8 Billion
Bought $50 Dogecoin on 5 Jan 2021, Sunday trade it to finally get ONE Eth &lt;3
To those who keeping asking, should I buy now or wait for the dip. ETH today ATH $4,213.00.
Changing Wallett - Metmask to Exodus without fees
Decentralized idP/auth system?
Just bought.
Guess it's staying in Coinbase for a while
After the merge
I've made a mistake lowering fees?
Ethereum’s Eth used as a store of value?
Transferring wallets (Please help)
Binance Transfers
Email received from Bitcoin Suisse: ETH2 Staking offering
What does ETH2 mean for mining altcoins based on Ether (noob)
No such a risk in staking eth 2.0 as told?
Our community wanted to learn more, here's a sister article to our bigger piece about the story and the tech behind Uniswap &amp; DEXs "A quick guide to Uniswap for DeFi beginners"
Confused on xls after watching BBT on "How has eth performed since the EIP-1559 Debates", can someone elaborate Please?
How long will cross shard transactions take?
Tried to transfer my ethereum to my coinbase wallet
BIG NEWS!
We’ve hit £3k in the UK! Let’s go💪
Ethereum Meta (ETHM)
Is it time to take profits now?
SPRETH (NFT)
The best platform to purchase the coin?
What is the value of decentralized apps and smart contracts?
this bitch about to hit $10,000 fastt my brethren’s 🚀🚀📈
Just launched a new game-like experience on xDAI, interested?
Hey everyone, I was wondering how you all go about keeping all your info together for tax purposes?
I want to get in on ethereum, when is the best time to buy?
A question about zkrollup batch submission
Does the transaction amount affect the power usage?
Today I let go of an ETH, I’m depressed and have fomo. This is what Cain felt like when he killed Able.
Miner fees
Ethereum to 40k?????
can anyone explain why its taking so long to cancel? is there any way to speed this up without paying more fees?
Did the release of UniV3 contribute to ridiculous gas costs because of arb opportunities between Univ2 and UniV3 pools?
Received my stake invite on coinbase, questions about the language in the EULA
Where is the best place to stake my 32 eth?
Three Days Surviving on Cryptocurrency in Medellín, Colombia ??
Alexis Ohanian, co-founder of Reddit, is now sporting a .ETH name as his Twitter handle
[Q] Transaction stuck, wait or take action?
Crypto ending Capitalism
Pool-X for staking ETH2? Or other pool.
Stablecoins: tackling volatility in the crypto market
ETH Overtakes Johnson &amp; Johnson, Next JP Morgan Chase
Question on Polygon network and DAPP's relationship to main chain.
IS IT TOO LATE FOR ETH?
Is it too late for ETH??
Crypto Time Capsule
Is $500 enough to invest?
I'm looking for the best way to stake ETH
Looking for some sources for my older uncle
Crypto Time Capsule
How will staking pools affect the strength of the network?
VPN to stake?
Gas price
System that will generate smart contracts itself
System that will generate smart contracts itself
Should I wait or try something else?
10k
🚀 MoonTicket 🚀 $Mtick is just getting started, less than 24 hours old 💎 Seriously Huge Potential 🚀 [$240k market cap] 💎
I've spent the past couple years writing code to collect data that is sold to professional investors for thousands of dollars a month, and making it publicly available. This week I built a dashboard which tracks and visualizes Reddit crypto discussion. Check it out here!
What is staking?
ETH Application
what is staking?
Crypto analyst who nailed ethereum's climb to $3,400 says $10,000 is next
What gives Ethereum intrinsic value?
Ethereum Layer 2 protocol Metis Raises $5M Funds in Total
Staking Questions
I was there, when nobody was interested in ETH! I will never leave you alone, Ethereum
Best 3-2 multi-sig ETH wallet
What app
Value and use of tokens based on ETH
Ethereum Killers
How to develop DApp Game App Like CryptoKitties
100 ETH
[ETH] The $LOCC Protocol! Ready for The Orbit ? 🚀🌌🦄
BitcoinSuisse offer to lower comission from 15% to 10%
Staking Question
Transaction stuck, when does it timeout?
If gas prices and my internal pain were graphed, it would have a positive correlation😭
Will I see a dip in etherium in near future? I’m looking to invest
what's happening with the GAS?
Ceres. - Universe Collection.
Ethereum: What is it and how could it be unique in relation to bitcoin?
END DAY  
Ethereum flipped Visa AND Chase the same day!
Moon shot
Question - Why are ETH transaction fees more expensive than imagination can even comprehend?
Help trying Defi for less than $1k
FRER ETH BASED AIRDROP
Any Tech Help please!!!! having trouble on Uniswap~~~~
Will ETH surge to $6K this week?
First ethereum coin
How do Dfinity ICP compare to Etherum.
Hello friends and lovers, longtime crypto-head here and I’m just looking for some honest opinions. Is it too late to get into ETH? Be honest with me, because if we aren’t looking at more than a 2X gain I just don’t know if it’s worth it for me.
Having the worst luck with ETH fees the past 3 days. Wasted around $500 and got 0 back 3 different routes.
What platform exchange is best to sell and buy Ethereum on?
This is a good one to get in on
3 videos to introduce complete newb to crypto
Is ethereum really worth the investment?
NFTs
It’s OFFICIAL ETH £3000 ATH
Exchanges/Apps that show real time profit/loss
Mining eth
Hope you guys are well rested because we are about to take off again
WTF!!!!! I thought I am multimillionaire now :(
Buy ETH or LTC?
20000 ETH stolen in 2018. If you can find him. All yours
IMPORTANT WHY ETHEREUM IS UNSTOPPABLE
where to buy Ethereum
That telegram channel that was really the main reason y doge went up, got shut down. 😂😂😂 yall 💤💤💤💤 new channel is CrazyAltPumps (for the ppl who were looking 4 it)
Started doing those little quiz’s on Coinbase to earn coins then converting them to ETH after they go up a bit.... feels a little dirty to do but whatev 🤷🏻‍♀️
$600 fee for trading $40 USD worth of Ethereum. How can this be acceptable?
ETH wallet address not generating in Binance??
How did I get LPT coins on my Ethereum address?
How many coins will there be after Ethereum update
The First US-Based Non-Custodial Instant Cryptocurrency Exchange Launches Today
Check on my work!
HELP HELP HELP... AND HELP!
I’m gonna need Ethereum to chill
News . Prob with eth !!!!
Difference between
Hello, someone stole 100k worth of eth from me, please help!! $10,000 reward
Oh yes this makes perfect sense ... 🤯
Help!
Guess the Token:
Best place for a newbie to start investing in ETH in Canada
If someone sends me 50$ worth of ethereum will there be fees?
Blockchain Storage Capacity
What is the cause of the high fees during the last few days?
I'm taking a 20k loan to buy Ethereum at $4k. It is going to $10k by the end of year. Profits of $30k. Thoughts?
(vid) Why ETH Will Gain Value: Fundamentals?
i feel trapped with these fees
Able to get into 2.0... But should I really do it?
ETH Miner Fee $1,039 for a $147.96 transaction - WTF!
Reasons to buy ETH?
How would I convert 40.8 USDT Erc20 without paying high gas fees
Should I buy one eth?
I built a dashboard tracking Reddit crypto discussion. Check it out, and let me know if you have any thoughts or suggestions!
I’m interested in buying ETH but I’m not sure if this is a good time to buy it. Do you think it’s going to go down or should I jump in at 4K?
Transferring from one wallet to another
Until Eth2
Proposal for Uniswap: UNI should become an oracle token
Hey would love some support to my new community! There are many who doubt ETC but there are handful of us who believe ETC needs more attention from investors, and its founders!!! Let's get excited for the future of ETC!!! Please support and bring love &amp; positivity to ETCHYPE!!!!
These #Ethereum #gasfees are too damn high!!! #starvingartist #artistsontwitter #nft #NFTCommunity #NFTARTFinance #eth #Blockchain #luchacoin @opensea @binance @StellarOrg Who can help??!
Wow NTF COLLECTABLES
How can I setup an Ethereum account or something that keeps it?
Back to 5K CDN!
How much would it cost to launch Ethereum into space including its own satellite? ~$40k retail
Hi guys, I’m new to this group and yo Cryptocurrency, but I had made my research about ethereum and I am thinking about investing 1k on ethereum. Should I do it or invest less money? Any pro tips please.
i Seriously can not Wait for this Polygon scale and fix ETH gas fee's
A couple questions for a newbie. is rETH basically a stake for ETH 2.0?
Btc question.
Which forum for newb ethereum questions related to buy, sell, holding, etc?
Ethereum network is a mess… high gas fees, slow and congested, a lot of transactions fail and people lose money… this is not the future. Traditional finance is probably laughing at us… we need other blockchains to do better and avoid promising too much and then failing to delivery it.
Ethereum Correction At $5,000?!
Good meme
Just remember this article was written a year ago.
Crypto newb deciding Ethereum or rental property.
ETH sent to a wrong coin address
Is it just me in London? Why is gas so expensive????
Taking ETH Profits
Nice Obyte - Etherum bridge, event alert
MEV: Threat or not something that cant be overcome?
Nice bridge
Proof of Stake could not come faster
Ethereum transaction
Just invested in my first eth looking for tips
ETH started the pursuit of dethroning BTC ⚔️🛡 Next Target = 10K
Where's your breaking point?
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Big News!! solving Decentralized Finance!!! Newly Hired Brock Pierce as advisor to the deal!!! HUGE!!
Kevin O’Leary cannot become the spokesperson for ETH. Please.....
ETH started the pursuit of dethroning BTC ⚔️🛡 Next Target = 10K
After Hodling Crypto for 2 hours🤣
Can't sell my new NFT, thanks to the current gas fees.
NFT BOOK - Screenshots
Hello everyone. I’m kinda new to the group. I mostly stay talking on the dogecoin group since it’s my top earner right now. But I figured I’d post my gains. What do y’all think?
I like ethereum
Etherscan transaction
The Runtime War🎼in ERC Major
ETHEREUM STRONG
Eth 2.0 release and our staked Eth release
Thought it was interesting to find that Brian Armstrong of Coinbase holds mostly ETH
What is this shit?
MY GAS FEES ARE AT $850+ WHATS HAPPENING?!?!?!?!
Traders and Investors behaviour analysis
Ethereum the Green Crypto
Will EIP 1559 still be active in ETH 2.0? (Proof of Stake)?
Eth fees are too high - driving competition from other cryptos
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
Where &amp; How to stake for US Resident?
Just started investing in Ethereum and had a question
Network Fee On Ethereum (Coinbase)
Can you buy ETH without a fee? (I get charged around $18 on MetaMask)
FSM the next dogecoin，buy now！ you must have it！！！
Did someone say dip ;-)
Does staking give compounding reward in binance?
Should I sell all my stocks and put it all into ethereum?
district0x Dev Update - May 11th, 2021
We Have the Stakes
Cardano (ADA)? Bought 500 shares at $1.18. The recent jumps have been nice, but if I want to really make some money with ADA over let’s say 3-5 years. What be my best move from here??
Some Ethereum 3D printed WiFi price trackers almost ready... waiting for a new ATH!
Some Ethereum 3D printed WiFi price trackers almost ready... waiting for a new #ATH!
Broke me ? I have Etherium !
Mark Cuban Joins Ethereum NFT Game Axie Infinity’s $7.5 Million Raise
Why can’t I join the watchlist? It’s grayed out.
High taxes
Can anyone help save my uniswap transaction before it fails and I lose my gas?
😎Just obtained my very first whole 100% (ETH) Ethereum coin 😎
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Crypto Interest Rates - Summary Table for May
ELI5: What is going on? Is this normal? Am I paying these high fees because of UniSwap?
Learn everything about NFTs
I recently ditched bitcoin and went all in on ETH. I was sick of watching it out perform Bitcoin almost everyday. However, I would be interested in how someone who knows a lot about ethereum would respond to the arguments made in this thread against ethereum.
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Too little gas
Lost funds on a failed transaction. Need help!
Gas fees are too damn high!
Marduk Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Ebay Now Officially Adds NFT Sales
Reply to Vitalik Buterin's recent post
Please Help a Newbie who got FOMO
Eth is already dead and 2.0 won't save it.
Where are my holders friend?
Failed Transactions Are Eating Me Alive [Urgent]
Chart looks like setting up for a new high!! 🚀🚀🚀🌔
I believe in Carole Baskin and $CAT
Trying to swap ETH to another coin but the fee is insanely high?
How to make a purchase with Gifatoken.com Wallet
Crypto Time Capsule
Gas Fees Due to Gimmick Tokens - What Can Be Done?
How do ethereum apps deal with the low throughput?
How do Ethereum apps deal with the low throughput of Ethereum?
How do Ethereum apps deal with the low throughput of Ethereum?
Huge Transaction Fee for small amount ETH. Thoughts?
ETH Has Outperformed BTC by Nearly 330% Over Last 16 Months
Question about Ethereum Staking.
Ethereum, Soars Above $4,000 For the First Time Showing No Signs of Slowing Down
When do you pay gas costs?
The flying egg
Question about wallet
Saturday Night Live crypto scam and which crypto hodlers are the most retarded
??? :S
You really are the worst
I sent all my ether to my other wallet, Twice
Not impressed by ENS pricing
Gas bullsh*t
Shiba Inu Coin is the PERFECT Pump and Dump Scheme (Shiba Inu Token the Dogecoin Killer)
Go home ETH you are drunk...
Best Way To Buy Eth $25k+?
Reraise gas limits ?
Ethereum Breaking Records Again! New ATH - Hits $4,197
Arweave Faucet Tutorial
Getting started with Bitrefill: Credit your account with BNB &amp; Lightning Network with Fixedfloat
Crypto service
Is ether somehow rigged and a bit stupid?
Etherscan now supports ENS reverse resolution, which makes reading Etherscan *much* easier
Transaction pending forever
Chasyr
Ankr is about to explode! It’s only at 15 cents!!!
What is this? I try to get swap 80 usdt for eth and it cost $900.
Very bullish on ETH over the next two weeks and beyond
NFT social platform
The Ethereum gitters are all pretty empty?
RobinHood bug in the app, won't let you set a purchase limit, auto deleted on ETH since 6am. Can anyone confirm?
Using crypto in small businesses - what's your experience?
RobinHood bug in the app not allowing you to set a purchase limit. Seems like they have it programed to delete any entrys inputted so that you can't buy in on limit. Has been going on since 7 am anyone else experiencing this?
New to Ethereum
HODL 💎🙌🚀🌒🪐
Eth withdraw
do you buy tesla stock now or wait? | Tesla Evaluation Model
How to reduce gas prices on Trust Wallet?
Where did my ETH went? I transferred it from Metamask to my WhiteBit wallet. When i track it in etherscan it shows the transaction was successful but I haven’t received any balance?
All the people that got sucked into DeFi when gas was 30gwei are now stuck
Hayden Adams Explains Uniswap and the Rise of DeFi -- Bloomberg
Merriam-Webster Dictionary Auctions Non-Fungible Token Definition as an NFT on Ethereum's OpenSea
scammers robbed at 2 ETH
Pending transaction for days. I feel like I’m being scammed by these miners by the transaction mysteriously failing and then taking my $30 in network fees.. everyone I use this coin in particular this happens l.BNB is the next ethereum and will be using that instead..
What is the difference between a Dapp and open source programming?
I'm new to blockchain but can understand these rates are not just normal but outrageous to charge 300$. When will this gas price come daon ? Is Ethereum gonna address this soon?
DeFi in Ether: &gt;$81B TVL in DeFi, MetaMask crosses 5 million MAUs, Uniswap v3 is now live on…
Earn free Ethereum on Idle-Empire
Trying to send eth fro metamask to coinbase. Help appreciated.
Question regarding mining, storing, holding.
ConsenSys is working with Microsoft to offer an Ethereum-based managed blockchain service to their Azure customers
OMGX | Scaling and Augmenting Ethereum
Pain.
Ethereum Iphone Wallpapers
Binance peg ethereum
Accessing Ethereum with password + keychain (been out of the loop for some time)
Does all ethereum based token have high transfer fees?
New project! SATOZ
This article provides an engaging introduction to the block scaling issues that many people appear unconcerned about. #Bitcoinblocksizematters
Boring Crypto - A community owned crypto news aggregator
A simple Telegram alarm that tells you when gas is below 100 gwei (it checks every hour)
Ethereum And Dogecoin Soar Past Previous All Time Highs
Get 0.5 ETEREUM FREE! JUST SUBMIT ADDRESS. 10 DAYS!
Recurring Payments: pros and cons
Looking for a little help/guidance !
Buying ethereum
Ethereum 2.0 and expected gas prices
https://blog.ethereum.org/2021/05/07/ethereum-for-the-next-billion/
What’s the deal with fees?
Ethereum Developer: Transaction Fees Hit Record Daily High of $89M in ETH, EIP-1559 would have burned $62M
OMGX - Scaling and Augmenting Ethereum
Astronomical minor fees on uniswap
My DAPP got banned by Google
Ethereum Mining Help
Breaking Down The Fee Market (EIP-1559)
A favor
Gas prices I feel with kill ethereum before 2.0 comes out
Is ETH 2.0 going to resolve the issue of these ridiculous gas prices? can you explain to me?
Can someone help me with ETH transfer?
ETH transaction stuck indefinitely
The Problem with Smart Contracts
Where can I buy ethereum under 18 in the UK?
What exchange can I use to exchange BTC for Eth without ID
Is now good moment to buy eth? What do you think? Or just better Wait couple days
Hey, I'd like to invest but I want to know when's the best time to buy? Should I wait until it drops more or is now good?
Sent ethereum classic to ethereum, helllp
Permissioned chains will move over to the Ethereum main chain
How does price of ETH affect gas prices
Permissioned chains can be good for public Ethereum — if we allow them
Doge or ETH, where to invest $500 today
I don’t get the gas fees
Scam Alert ⚠️⚠️ ⚠️
Ethereum gas prices. This is a perfect time for Harmony (ONE) to shine. You could move literally all your crypto for less than a penny and receive it unbelievably fast.
Ethers.Io wallet recovery
Top Crypto Job Sites — How to Find Work and Be Paid in Crypto
How to download a youtube video direct to the Gallery within a click ?
Just dropped 2k aud on eth 😊
noob question about GAS
Hello every one. I have been in crypto market for about 3 years and now recently started a group where i guide every one and give impeccable signals absolutely for free. Please join who is interested. link is below https://discord.gg/5FZ24JJup5
Ethereum’s Consensus Mechanism Is Integral to the $10,000 Threshold
can somone tell me why etherscan says i have more eth then i can see in my wallet? need help
ETH Mining Bot
So close
So apparently I violated some policy on the Ethereum FB group and was given no explanation as to why. I left the group because this is just stupid. There was no warning whatsoever.
Carbon footprint x NFTs right from the TXN via Gitcoin Green Hackathon
Spherium Finance are building an ecosystem to unlock the bankless era. Meet the three core products that build the foundation of our ecosystem: Hyperswap, SphereComp and Spherium Wallet
EIL5: How is flashbots and the remaining implementation of MEV positive?
Ethereum Gas Explained [Guide 2021]
This project will go much further in the future because the team working in it is very strong. We will be happy to see the achievements and results of this excellent project.
This is a good, easy to understand read about Ethereum and the technology behind it.
Spring SALE - Innosilicon A11 (Pre-orders), Innosilicon A10, Goldshell KD5, Antminer S19 Pro 110Th/s and much more
[HELP] newbie here
HELP, newbie here
Ethereum Is Seriously DAMAGING Crypto, As Fees Hit New High, It's Time We Stop Lying About The State of ETH...
Visual Programming Language For Smart Contracts
I don't need a Foundation Invite! Why? Do you have one?
Cheapest fees
Layer-2 for Beginners
Minted on Foundation. OURDNA hides dark truths about us and our intentions
Sent ETH from bep 20 wallet to ERC 20 address
☝️ Ethereum Testing 23.6% and 38.2% Fibonacci Support of Wave 4 ☝️
Gemini Faces Service Disruptions Right After ETH Hit $4,200
How to cancel a pending transaction? The transaction has been pending for months.
WWW.SOUNDBOYAPPAREL.COM - NOW ACCEPTING ETHEREUM 💥
Is this the start of a down trend?
[HELP]ETH Fee + Low ETH balance
More needs to be done on the gas front
The 51% Attack and How To Tackle Them
This is how I ended up losing all my life savings I had in Ethereum
This is how I ended up losing my life savings that I had in Eth
best 130 $ ever spent ?
Should I put my last 200$ on ETH?
Is ultrasound money with the 1559 burn sustainable?
Unable to withdraw/send on Coinbase
Fucking “gas”
Is it worth putting my last 200$ on ETH?
Ethereum needs to support 1000s of transactions per second, to make applications faster and cheaper to use.
Foreign account unable to withdraw/send money on coinbase
269 ethereum unable to withdraw/send
Can high transaction fees be... A good thing?
imToken now with Eth2 key generation + staking on mobile
ViaBTC Guide | Things about Mining Pools That New Miners Need to Know
Is Polygon / Matic an L2 or a sidechain?
What will happen to ETH?
321 crypto-whales contrôleraient le marché du Bitcoin, de l’Ethereum et du Litecoin.#ethereum #ethers #whale #crypto #doge #dogecoin
Ethereum vs Bitcoin
$110 dollar gas fees for transferring $30 worth USDC
should i buy eth
Now THIS is huge. #X2PArmy t.me/x2pofficial
PAGE 15 - BREATHE!
END DAY  
Send Me Ethereum
Is now a good time to start buying my first Ethereum?
I am all in. I know we will make it to 10,000
LuchaCoin and BlockChamps get a little push from YahooFinance today
NFT hacks they won't teach you on youtube
Are we expecting a correction on Ethereum? Any opinions- does anyone agree/disagree with my analysis?
Should I invest?
I have an announcement to make
20k by 2025. Thoughts on staking gentlemen??
New to eth and looking for some clarity.
If you wanted a quick overview of what happened today... LOL
If you wanted a quick overview of what happened today.. LOL
Rarest Pepe — ‘most important NFT in art history’ — sells for 205 ETH
Tesla will be buying Ethereum 2.0. Proof of stake and stateless digital currency is the future of decentralized finance. ‼️⚠️
Btc for Ether... now...
PAGE 17 - THE HEAD OF ARISTOTLE
Someone wanna let them know? Hehe
Grayscale's bitcoin and Ethereum funds now generate as much revenue as Vanguard's 82 ETFs
Lets show Elon that he does not own Crypto market. Im Bitcoin We Trust
Watching ETH dip like...
NFT - Dreaming at Dusk: a generative art piece derived using the first onion service's private key
Fuck The System Token.!
Can NVIDIA 4GB VRAM cards still mine ETH right now if I use Linux?
MEW Wallet Recommended?
Is Ethereum going to continue to rise at the rate it is now?
Sometimes things get in another direction than you thought😂
BITCOIN CRASHES AS ELON MUSK ANNOUNCES THAT CRYPTOCURRENCY Can NO LONGER BE USED TO PURCHASE TESLA CARS
When saw the fluctuation of ETH
Strange wallet gets daily .00001 ETH deposits and pays $100’s in gas fees every time
What is the utility if ETH if transactions are so costly?
Opinionssss
Should I Stake Eth on coinbase?
Accepting Memecoin Members With Open Arms
Serious prediction , i just joined reddit and i notice alot of posts about 7k or 10k by 2022, ETH will be 50k by the end of 2023 , mark this comment....im so confident in eth it will change the digital world
Tesla out of Bitcoin, is ETH carbon neutral in comparison?
ETH is one of the only high profile coins with almost zero negative news about it today.
Binance to Nano S, withdraw confusion
Affordable and secure cold storage for all! Please check out my new PWA (progressive web app), and let me know what you think! More details in post...
Missed good dip 😏
DONATE ETHERUEM https://blessingsforafrica.com
"Digital and legacy banks have become too expensive to operate and they can't be saved without connecting to DeFi" -Bank CEO (2 min)
Energy per transaction?
Ethereum Statelessness and State Expiry
How is eth 2.0 more sustainable in mining, compared to other coins?
I am more confident then ever in this coin!!!
Sorry fellas. Gas is too expensive
Coin dumps?
😂 ETH GAS
Finally joined the ether club
Why do people insist on worshiping clowns like Musk? This is the 9th public promise he’s broken, and that’s excluding the lie about self-driving capability. If you think rich folk are your heroes then perhaps that’s the indicator it time to grow up from adolescence?
Crash
Flippening?
How does EIP1559 interact with ETH2.0?
There is a dip lest start buying ethereum to the moon next month
We're chilling
Crash
Tesla decision on BTC = Long ETH, right?
ELON MUSK IS SCUM! WHO AGREES?
What's happening? Crashing!?
Crash?
Coinbase Pro Down?
Holy shit, its going for a dip
Ethereum’s Co-Founder Vitalik Buterin Donates Over $1 Billion To India Covid Relief Fund And Other Charities
If only there were a reputable Blockchain moving from PoW to PoS soon... 🧐
Elon Musk maybe hinting that Tesla is looking at ETH 2.0. Read the last sentence of the tweet.
ETH future
To all the haters on this group laughing at Doge
Ethereum Mining Rig
HELLO!
Cat with disease - Auction to save my cat life
Flash crash.
Help - Licencing NFT's for use by a 3rd party which is recorded on the blockchain
Crypto for the homeless - 5-12-21 - pizza for all. (Crowd funded food delivery)
what coins generate less than 1% of bitcoins energy/transaction?
Elon loves...
Is it worth putting $100 towards eth right now?
What platform do you recommend which does not require ID?
Will the US Government ban ethereum?
Elon Musk: Tesla to stop bitcoin sales because of the environment. Ethereum has to hurry with PoS to overtake Bitcoin!
Crazy profits !
Another ETH blast prediction?
The Benefits of L2 over L1 Solutions
Advice for best crypto Wallet App for ETH, BTC and DOGE
Here’s Why Cryptos/Stocks are TANKING
Best community out there
Interesting way for Ethereum and other cryptos on coinbase!
Premium NFT ArtWork for the 1%
Etherum gas fees explanation
Question about price “fluctuations”
Ledger Nano X
Gas prices ⛽️
Hello
Ethereum discord?
Low gwei
Imagine your bank telling you "Sorry, the network's congested. It'll be $900 to do this transfer"
Hello, I have a issue trying to swap and transferred my shiba token out of trust wallet. Please look at my txnhash 0x53e3c97be946b9f38706bb1647624dc053c4d7a218f35f8ac8b6d3ffb6d1ef4c
As a newcomer. Is it too late to get into Ethererum?
Breakthrough: Ethereum could in future make calls to external web services directly - contrary to popular belief
I need help with a mining rig
Defi Rates Question
Longevity Meets Blockchain - AMA with Aubrey de Grey and Vitalik Buterin on Thursday, 7PM CET. Hosted by VitaDAO.
ETHEREUM All Time High! GASS FEES ATH Too! Ethereum Price Prediction! Ethereum news!
Help please newbie moving from bsc to mainnet
Ethereum founder Vitalik Buterin donates $1.2 billion of Doge doppelgangers to India’s Covid effort
Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum Founder, Donates 500 ETH to India's COVID Relief Fund -- Newsweek
There is nothing in my wallet!
I Will sale half of my ETH when it will touch 5k
my transaction has failed. How can I prevent that from happening?
is there a service or an exchange to buy crypto with bank transfers?
THOUGHTS?
US gas prices and ETH gas fees? We found our perpetuator, its the pipeline... #Conspiracy
Is ETH becoming the top Crypto?
US gas fees and ETH gas fees right now? #Conspiracy
The rollups are coming to save your gas! Arbitrum's mainnet is launching for developers on May 28!
Smart investment?
Is it too late to invest?
MSI revels two models of CMP 30HX to mine cryptocurrencies
Some questions about changelly
Vitalik killed this shitcoin and ETH flew away haha
Transfer done from metamask to bittrue, shows completed on my end but receiving wallet address on bittrue shows pending
Vitalik Buterin, Co-Founder of ETH Donated Over $1 Billion to India's COVID-Crypto Fund
VPN to Stake?
I guess this is a good way to fix the GAS problem !?
I'm thankful Vitalik crashed the dog coin meme frenzy to reduce the fees but..
Dumb Question! ETH Staking on Coinbase
Purpeth
My take on if an Eth supercycle if possible!
Ethereum vs Ethereum although coins
The recent posts about excessive gas fees are from shills trying to lower Eths price
Vitalik Buterin donates $1 billion in Shiba Inu coin (SHIB) to India’s COVID fight
When do I pay gas fees?
Extremely low hashrate on Rx 580 4gb
Room full of Ethereum
I have a checking account but I can't buy any ETH because most wallets like paxful require KYC (i'm 17). Are there any wallets that don't have KYC or should I just wait until I'm allowed on all of the major exchanges?
Stake only some of my ETH?
Vitalik Buterin donates more than $60M to charity after selling meme tokens including Shiba Inu
Staked ETH lower value?
Proof Ethereum will take over the world?
Eth2 Roadmap Question: Can someone explain to me when smart contract functionality is planned to be rolled into Eth2? Or will it be available as soon as the Merge occurs?
New to crypto
I thought MetaMask was lying to me when I was sending my ethermine pay to my ledger. Looked on my extension WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON. I’ve never seen the blockchain this congested. Nearly £350 to send a transaction
This dApp casino is offering a $3K $ETH promotion whereby the top 50 leaderboards get a share of the giveaway. You can earn the giveaway by wagering on any of the 5 games the casino offers. It has a low house edge and has bets on-chain thereby being provably fair and transparent.
OUR LORD VITALIK BUTERIN DONATED $1 BILLION to the India Covid Crypto Fund !!!
Sold all my shitcoins and meme stocks today.. (A self reflection)
Vitalik removes SHIBA liquidity from Uniswap, donates 1 Billion to India COVID relief.
Anyone think ETH will go back under 3k with this market correction?
When will Eth2 have smart contract functionality?
Transferring Ethereum to Wallet
Ethereum Hits A New High And The Market Value Exceeded $500 Billion For The First Time
All the Dips
What the f... is going with eth fees???
Ethereum Hits A New High And The Market Value Exceeded $500 Billion For The First Time
Pathos Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
Vitalik Buterin donates 1 Billion worth of Shiba to India Covid Relief Fund
Market is on sale, pump in more to win big.
Gas just hit over 500. Creating even a simple ERC20 costs over $2000 now. But Coinstructor can do that for $200 - using proxies.
Buy the dip boys! We are only going up from here :)
Welp
hodl PLATES
How easy is it to develop on Ethereum?
ETH purchase in CAD
Underground Crypto Talk$
Vitalik is dumping dog tokens. (rug pull- thanks Vitalik, you are awesome)
[QUESTION] Is there any to app to generate a private key with mnemonic
Vitalik the bad guy?
Staking ETH coinbase
New cryptocurrency article in the London Journal metaverse quantum (MTQ)
Is this the future of finance guys?
Should I keep with buy and holding or sell and buy on dip
Just bought $2k CAD of etherium today at $4990. Let’s go
Mempool Explorer now available on mobile — monitor the mempool anyway from anywhere.
Ethereum Gas Fees
Build on OMGX - ETH L2 Optimistic Rollups
Vitalik "meme coin killer" Buterin
Vitalik is starting to dump dog tokens.
VPN to Stake?
Decision time
This is some good news.
It does seem to be going that way 😅
BTC investor thinking of priority CHANGE TO ETH
JUST VESTED IN ETH FIRST TIME help
High fees
A la Luna Podcast Ep. 3 - Jorge Valenzuela - Bitcoin Beach
Did Vitalik just sell a bunch of animal tokens?
In Proof of Stake, how is the validator selection process implemented?
What drives the price?
Where does the money when buying eth go? Total noob question sorry
Previously shutdown exchange coinexchange.io back 18th May? Chance to get lost ETH coins back or scam??
Why ASIC resistance is a concern in Ethereum community?
This is how I’m making money with ethereum and other crypto, and there’s no commission fees. You can also do stocks! People were asking me how I invest, so here’s the link! Sign up and get some free stocks too!
Vitalik just removed all hit ETH from his wallet and why this is good news
Pending Uniswap Transaction
How it feels reading ethereum?
Ethereum is now bigger than Visa, JPMorgan Chase
A different perspective on the gas fees that points to more value on the network
xToken hack Analysis
ETH 2.0 will pass the Howey Test
Need help
Question about Coinbase Ethereum: can I still deposit ETH if my ETH is Staked?
Today is the day I start my Crypto education/ support business.
Thoughts on Coinbase ETH staking?
Ethereum is now bigger than Visa
When is this madness going to stop??
Logged into my Coinbase...
Can someone help me understand (or post a resource) why ethereum is necessary for turning cash into coins and vice-versa?
I know I’m a nobody but let’s pump up ethereum classic
The merge is planned to happen in 2021/2022. Traditionally, how likely is it that this will get delayed to 2022?
COMMUNITY EXPANSION!!!
How to choose the right platform to buy cryptocurrencies without going nuts!
ETH transaction
Datagen - New Blockchain Project
1000$ fee for a 60$ transaction??
Hungy? Let's pizza party! Base64art and RarePizzas released a joint project. NFT collection [Base 64 ART] includes a unique code that can be decoded into an extra picture
Please explain
Polygon PoS network API from Infura
Anyone know why Ethereum is going down rn?
Why does this stuck transaction not appear on etherscan?
I'm getting these weird lines on the charts. Anyone know what this event was?
Endaoment: The First DAF built on the Ethereum Blockchain
Based in UK don't have any money to invest in eth can i use some of my bitcoin to buy ethereum with instead? What are the best ways to do this?
Datagen - New Blockchain Project
Ethereum Price to Hit $19,842 by 2025 According to 35 Experts
waiting ETH to touch 4k
Holy Shit.
dYdX’s Antonio Juliano on using STARKs for scalability
Mining Pool Payouts
Why would F2Pool participate in the democratization of MEV with Flashbots?
Everything thats wrong with ETH right now in one picture
Buy Akitu Inu
$400 Ethereum Network Fees
Am I crazy or is this gas fee insane? This is how much it cost to send even the smallest unit of my crypto.
Why is Ethereum valued what it is?
First transaction on Ethereum's proof-of-stake Nocturne testnet!
Crypto News Update - Bitcoin, Ethereum, XRP, Dogecoin
Im trying to burn sUSD to get my SNX tokens back - but pending for 3-4 hours due to GAS
Own just over 2 ethereum
Ethereum🥰🥰
Buy?
How to Buy ElonGate (ELONGATE) Right Now • Benzinga
Swapping pools every 15 minutes on windows automatically - possible?
Getting only 22,5 mh/s with rx570
$1000+ to use a blockchain
Hi, These Are My Very First NFTs! 0.001 ETH Only :)
I wrote a tweet thread about EIP-1559 and it went viral
We are up over 500% Ethereum and the alt coins
Is $HOGE the new $Dollar? Be Currency Free, Be Hoge !
Gas fees are too damn high!
I really like the project
Sold all my BNB
Need suggestion
I now own one ETH!
What does DeFi Summer 2.0 mean?
The bull run has just begun
North America's Biggest Outdoor Club to Start Accepting Bitcoin and Ethereum
Ethereum to mainnet
ETH 2.0 query
Will there be a dip in near future
Got my crypto returned, but Etherscan still says transaction is Pending
aThumb Collection | Unique Thumbs | Keeps Growing
Rainbow Help
What will happen to other ERC-20 tokens in Eth2.0
Noob question about ETH transactions with lower gas price than the usual
These "experts" don't know shit 🤣 I feel like this means we'll get there by next year tbh 💎🙌🚀
Can someone help me?
Is it too late to buy in?
Need advice
When will the gas fees go down?
Is The Internet Coin The Next Big Thing? DFINITY BREAKDOWN
If I convert crypto to ETH, are the fees going to be the same as if I send crypto to an exchange, sell, then buy ETH and send it back to my wallet?
SafeSwift Token Now 10x .! liquidity locked.!
I know most of you are in the states and operate in usd but eth hit £3k and I’ve been smiling all day. Hope it hits the estimated $10k by the end of the year £8k
Education loans
Any takers?
How do I switch my Ethereum for ETC? I’ve been strongly advised to swap as it’s due a massive spike?!?!Thoughts on this guys?
My childhood dream
My childhood dream
Bought ETH yesterday, still not showing in my wallet
Pending transaction for days
🚀🚀🚀
ETH2 documentation SOURCES?
Good time for ETH &amp; GBYTE
How do I use small amounts of Eth?
35 experts predict Ethereum price to strike almost $ 20k by 2025
Front-running - 0 gwei transaction
Automatic Wallet Withdraw
Hacked on MetaMask. Tried to take $1200 and swap to ETH and it took $13k. Sent to an address that never presented itself during the transaction and I have never shared my seed phrase or any info with anyone. I have filed a ticket with support. Anything I can do?
Truebit to be implemented on Ethereum
99
Can someone help?
When ETH 2.0 Goes Live Will the ETH I've Mined So Far Become Valueless?
Earn free Ethereum on Idle-Empire
What is the best way to sell ethereum and transfer those funds to my bank
Porn industry content on NFT's
Why is layer 1 protocol worth more than layer 2 protocols?
What Is A NFT — Wallets, Edward Snowden &amp; Vending Machines
Mining on personal computer
Ten thousand dollars. Interact with this post and image so it will be shown in searches for ten thousand dollars.
Ten thousand dollars. Interact with this post and image so it will be shown in searches for ten thousand dollars.
Ethereum is inherently inflationary as opposed to BTC
ETC TX Not Found
END DAY  
How to protect your Crypto Wallet
few questions
NYT XWD May 14, 2021: Ethereum or Bitcoin — Who’s First Now?
Is it possible to find out if two different wallet/address come from the same seed phrase ?
Short squeeze ETC
Should you invest in ultra high yield farming?
Does anyone have a BlockFi referral code I can use?
The deep dive journey continues. Gus approves.
Cold VERSUS Online Wallets
Is owning half an ethereum coin worth it
Are Proof of work tokens that take less energy to mine less secure? Is dogecoin and ether more vulnerable to 51% attacks than Bitcoin?
Just bought my first eth. Got .007 eth and hope to be able to buy a house with it next year. Letssss go!
few questions
Safety in numbers, safety in ETH.
What is the best cryptocurrency exchange platform to use?
Auction for no reserve CryptoPunk (Num 7060) going live in 30 min (10 PM EST)
Hold!
Meth smoking autist billionaire slumps crypto market and makes reference to an alternative stable coin (ETH 2.0) Next day tweets about doge? Pls stay away from our blockchain!
Nano S with 1.2 firmware vs EIP-155: Successful recovery of 24 ETH and $50+k worth of ERC-20 tokens (seed lost)
Sending ETH to different wallet
Ethereum enables trustless collectivism with minimal overhead, something the world has never seen
So when do y’all think it’s gunna go back up again?
What is Etherum? Alco drink?
Ropsten Testnet Question
ELI5: “This is the Gwei”
Basically an Eth Maxi now. What is best way to stake/yield/lend?
$500 into coinbase wallet.. Advice?
DiGiMax Global Acquires Digital Currency Division Of Delphi!!Advances Artificial Intelligence Analytics!!
DeFi startup Balancer Labs rolls out latest version of its automated market-making protocol
How do I know the cost to store Eth on Hardware device and how do I stake?
Grateful for this sub.
Smart Contracts for Logistics
CRYPTO MARKET CRASH! What Now? Is this Good For Ethereum?
How many OG's here picked up a CryptoPunk for free a few years back?
I’ve created a sub for the more advanced crypto enthusiasts. r/CryptoCurrencyAdvance
Extremely high fees??
Why does Olen Sukm have so much influence over crypto?
Ethereum better than bitcoin we will survive this fall and rice to a new high
Thoughts on doge
Stellar ( XLM ) World's New Financial System. Is XLM a good investment?
Bought my first house with ether today only 13 years old.
Found my old wallet
Is it worth it to buy 2 coins right now?
sheesshh
An Update: Why I looked into building a Dapp with a rollup
Can I avoid gas fees by swapping to ETH instead of moving eth/selling eth?
Thoughts on the best time to buy ethereum during the dip?
Just want to remind that Elon Musk will buy ETH sometime and announce on Twitter
Presign transaction + list for sale using OpenSea's SDK createSellOrder method
Gemini shady
I've made a Eth wallpaper a month ago - hope you like it!
Oiiiiiii
Just wanted to remind people here about this tweet by Elon Musk on Twitter
Will ETH beat BTC to 100k???
Took a peek at Vitalik Buterin's recent incoming ERC-20 transactions...wow
EHT Scam Online for more than 6 hours now
Can a dapp have its own token?
Alchemy's Transfer API is now Live! | Fetch historical transactions effortlessly &amp; instantly
Does eth charge gas fees when purchasing or only when sending/withdrawal?
Imagine paying for gas fees
Imagine paying for Gas fees
I JUST BROUGHT 1.05 FUCKING ETHEREUM
hmm
#freepalestine
Taking The Privacy Out of Privacy Policies – WhatsApp's new Privacy Policy and how Status takes a different approach
Series One #01 - 'The Spacey Ballon' , an Instrumental NFT is now LIVE!!!
‘What happens after the merge’ - A roadmap presented by Vitalik Buterin 04/28
Ethereum’s potential
Need URGENT help for my (18M) Father (56M) who's admitted in ICU for Covid in India
Ethereum
Would a transaction with 1 Gwei go through?
if a friend wants to send crpto to another friend wil i use transfer() function for erc 20 or transferfrom() function. And why?
True beginner needs help!
Ethereum is on sale right now!! Get You Some!
bZx is launching on Polygon
Ethereum Sale today, $3660 down from 4300, get yours!
ELON is technically short on Earth position
Charles Hoskinson on Vitalik
Yep
Ethereum for WIN! Cmon guys hold your coins! Dont get weak by a tweet of a nerd!
Cat with disease - Auction to save my cat life | OpenSea
DTSRF and Ether to surge on the heels of Elon Musk calls for sustainability
My ETH numbers, hope I’ll be fine 😑
Eth Price Prediction
Any ETH millionaires here? Need some more ethereum to launch my new ERC-20 token!!!
newb question about hard wallet transfer fee
Any suggestions for a wallet to hold my own Ethereum?
For Tax History, trying to view all ETH Transactions but ERC20 aren't being included on etherscan always, what's the best way to do this?
If the bear market is inevitable, why is buying on these small drops even a thing? Why not buy when it dips super hard(1-2k) only?
Hope I’m good with ETH numbers here😑
Dollar cost averaging ETH
When the big dog asserts his alpha status over the scambois.
Missing coins sent on wrong binance chain possibly? How to fix
Fees are insannnnnne
When people panic sell their ETH instead of buying the dip
If Musk made you angry, consider retweeting this...
Trend Talks - BTC Crash?
How do Ethereum apps deal with the low throughput of Ethereum
BTC and ETH showing the same graph. Why?
The tweet that crashed the crypto markets 😳 what does this mean for doge
Received random ETH into MEW
How does it all work?
gg
Not to shill but...
Are all crypto in the end always linked to bitcoin’s tremors?
Ethernity and Polygon: Bringing Layer 2 Cross-Chain Functionality to Ethernity Chain.
Trading evga FTW 3070 for ETH
Ethereum Environmental friendly
Are there any alert notification services?
100k?
Am I dumb?
I over leveraged my account 5x on ETH.... I am holding no matter what happens... please stop selling... I think today my balls turned into brass... it will jump up soon right?? Pray for me and my YOLO move...
Ethereurm short and long term
Blockchain Games
4 leaf clover just found.. ETH 🚀
Ethereum on Bull Run But Why ?
Binance Probed by U.S. as Money-Laundering, Tax Sleuths Bore In
There are things FIAT can't buy, but ETH can (High-End Artisan Perfumery with NFT option)
i am satoshi
Help I didn’t check fee
Hold On For Dear Life
Just got approved for ETH Staking!!
Any US platforms to trade ETH long options?
What is the current "crypto / Ethereum FUD" that everyone is talking about?
Should I sell?
😂
Trex miner not working
You guys don't post pictures much over here, hope you like one with happy Vitalik
Ethereum’s liquidity crisis will make ETH a safe haven asset
YSK: Bitcoin also suffered a hack
How do you making money with your PC after ETH 2.0?
New to Crypto and looking to understand it better
RTX 3070 + 2080 super- only 47 Mh/s
When a crypto billionaire donates $1 billion to battle Covid in India, the value of the currency plummets, allowing him to do less.
Can any kind soul or kind whale sponsor me Gas fees? It's ridiculous!
Ether locked up in wallet
1inch Network Launches on Polygon | Crypto Briefing
Converted all my BTC to ETH last night
1inch Network increases liquidity sources by expanding to Polygon
Need 0.00072 smart chain bnb for withdrawal
We are giving away 500.000 USD worth of tokens! - Exclusive Airdrop opportunity Earn your Optmark tokens for free! All you need to do is to share our platform on social media and we will reward you with our tokens. Don't worry, there is no catch to this. Check https://optionsmarket.io/airdrop
Where is the highest economic activity on the ethereum platform?
Distributed academic Communities
Sold all my BTC to buy ETH yesterday
BEP20 ERC20 or BEP2
Why is Ethereum down after Elon's tweet yesterday?
What do you think about investing in DEXs such as uniswap or 1inch before the launch of EIP 1559. Do you think that this update could make investing in decentralized exchanges make sense again, thanks to which they will shoot themselves up?
Ethereum Explodes To New High Before Pullback. ETH Briefly Breaks Into the $500Bn Market Cap and 20% Market Share
It doesn't matter if Ethereum has higher market cap than Bitcoin. The TECH is far more advanced .
Over 12 hour transaction to coinbase
New to ethereum / Transaction costs
Now I get it....
Unless if Elon Musk has switched his rockets and battery manufacturing to “more sustainable energy,” he’s going to look like a big clueless hypocrite here. The world needs sound money far more than his rockets and government subsidized electric cars.
What do you think the gas price will be after the London hard fork is introduced?
Security of the staking pool
State of Stake vol. 48
Ethereum inspired Monster Robot! What do you think guys?
ETH Price
Crypto trading platform
Gigabyte 3080 Memory Junction temp vs Asus Strix 3080 VRM temp
How to create non-fungible ERC721 Ethereum token
That's some serious Shiz there. And we drink a lot of TEA!! Bye Bye BTC hello Gree(n)Ethereum. Watch the space.. the Flippening is happing in so many ways..
Ethereum Development in Docker
digitalbureaucracy
Core Developer Apprenticeship Program - Piper Merriam, EF Protocol Support
Love It
There you go madman
I don’t want my eth anymore
Low hashrate rtx 3060 even after overclockig
Ethereum History in 5 Minutes
If Elon Musk can move the prices of the entire Crypto Market then the purpose of cryptocurrency has failed
Can Ethereum Provide Institutions with A Source of Diversification?
I really believe in Ethereum and bought some on Coinbase ... now what?
Petition to use 🛸 instead of 🚀 whenever price is mooning
For those staking ETH on Coinbase, are you all-in or do you keep some ETH on the side just in case?
ETHEREUM, is it possible to book equity back to tax free, or need to pay the tax on it?
Of course. Alternative is ETH 2.0 with upcoming proof-of-stake protocol.
Best mining program for ETH?
Evidence of Shiny Minions and Weapons Found in the Metaverse! And, Important Changes to Shining
WATCH: NFT Gaming in the Philippines
# ETH, is it possible to book equity back to tax free, or have to pay the tax on it?
The Crypto Market Today...
ETH energy consumption after POS?
[Twitter Vote] If we were to prioritise xDAI or POLYGON as the next chain we add to XDEFI Wallet, which one would you want to see? 🧙
ETHEREUM 2021 PRICE PREDICTION
First NFT Documetnary: Play-To-Earn
Free Air drop for yfin for free eth
Announcement｜SofaSwap Over One Million SOFA Token Airdrop Details
New on this ethereum world.... Should I by NOW? I was thinking about buying a Tesla by due to Mr Environment I just quit that idea and prefer to invest that money on ethereum...
Digital coin ether hits record high as 2021 gains near 500%
Purchasing 'clean' mined ethereum
Tried to swapping SHIBA for ETH using uniswap and it took my miner fee but did not go through. Why did this happen? When I check the etherscan it says success though. Please help.
Lending ETH on Aave protocol
The token based on ......
BTC, ETH, XRP, AVA, CHZ, XMR, DGB—Technical Analysis May 13
Potential Non-Finance dApps?
You can now browse .crypto websites on Brave browser!
cringe team. vitalik: who is elon? cool
Why isn't this discussed about Vitalik? If this gets deleted then I know enough.
Hmmm...for real?
Bullrun is not over yet!
Gas price in menu bar on macOS
Gas price in menu bar on macOS
Rollsup confusion
Best method to store coins in cold wallet?
Datagen - New Blockchain Project
One less attack vector...
Did we hit the low?
Idea: Opt-in UBI via spontaneous cryptocurrency donations and automatic redistribution
He’s gaining on us
Uplifting!
ETH 2.0 - TO UK
A rookie looking for some guidance.
You already know what’s coming up for Mysterium: 🪙 Tokenomics 2.0 with staking 🤖New Android app ⛓ Matic integration 🤝 Affiliate &amp; Referral programs But…🔥 Mainnet is coming 🔥 🦄 Uniswap V3 📱 Apple IOS app &amp; more. Details soon!
Rewards to Ethereum layer2 contributors
Have I made a mistake?
Have I messed up?
Hey the sudden drop?
Ethereum 2.0: What to expect
Breakdown of ETHEREUM market cap and what it means for prices!
Wallet
Rise of a new God.. Ethereum
Should I sell my eth since it’s going down?
Aside from Telcoin, what other asset has real world use?
BTC is going down
Spherium Finance Raises $3.3 Million to Build Comprehensive DeFi Ecosystem
Buterin Donates $1B to India Covid Relief Fund
can eth go up again please
Kishu Inu - Insane Wallet growth on lead up to NYC Takeover.
ViaBTC "ETH Mining Party" on the Go: With Zero Transaction Fee + 2% Reward, Miners Enjoy Higher Income
Does ethereum uses less electricity than BTC? If yes than how much less. After update eth2. 0 how much will it further reduce.
Can someone help me understand how why I can’t transfer funds ??? I can’t even move $1 how much f*** fees do I have to pay ????
Should I buy ETH now or do you think this will dip more?
ETH TO THE MOON 🚀
Catecoin vs. Doge
Eth gas fee
PAST THE PEAK
Devastated
What will happen to ERC-20 tokens when ETH 2.0 is phased in?
I humbly propose not cuck’ing for Elon. Especially before knowing his intentions and effect.
Is Ethereum a good long term investment?
I know lots of people hate it when users do this but…
/r/ethereum hit 900k subscribers yesterday
How Ethereum Gas and Transaction Fees Work - Guide
Vitalik donates $1 billion worth Shiba Inu and Ethereum to India Covid-19 relief fund
Will any of the upcoming changes to Ethereum her Ether under 7 KWh per transaction?
Something really amazing has happened yesterday...
Elon bullish about Crypto, not about POW.
Lending ETH on Aave protocol
My mom finally let me buy some Ethereum. I know it isn’t much but for a 15 year old who’s painfully suffered through watched the price rise from $440 to $4300. It’s a victory at last.
FREE ETH BASED AIRDROP
Bitcoin &amp; Ethereum: The Flippening
🌟 Earn more money on providing liquidity with SafeSpace, which on each transaction automatically distributes rewards and auto-locks liquidity forever💲.
Getting Paid In ETH?
Candles in the church – ultra rare 1/5 Benson style
Nifty Palette (Pantone) - a meta NFT color collectible AIRDROP ends in 72 hours! 1 of the 1st NFT collections on Matic to integrate with OpenSea
Don’t Apply Old School Valuation Metrics to New School Ethereum
Elon Musk is now Bitcoin's subreddit public enemy number 1
World vs. Elon Musk
Elon may be a cancer, but he may actually also be beneficial to crypto adoption this time.
i lost my ETH help!
I lost my Ethereum! help
Think i lost my ETH??? HELP
Phuck Your gas charges
I'm Trying To Make A First-Hand NFT Marketplace. What's the Best Way Way To Handle Payment And Fullfillment / Transferring?
I have a rx 570 4gb and rx 580 8gb. Can I mine two different cryptocoins from the same pc?
Rollups vs. L1s
Exodus Fees for Ethereum
Does anyone sell usdt at a discount? If so, please contact me. Telegram number: @sking1203
Why Vitalik Made a 500 IQ Play Today With the 1 Billion Dollars Donation
64 Ether
Is it possible?
So basically buy this before it shoots up when ETH 2.0 launches
I'm a skeptic, change my mind :)
When do you think ETH will hit 5k?
Elon’s MISINFORMATION tweet about Bitcoin is a shame! Bitcoin is the father and start of all crypto! Bitcoin is hope and crypto the future 💪🏻💪🏻💪🏻
Block 005 “Vitalik Buterin” NFT
Just sold my doge and broke even and invested the 320 into ETH. Buy more, stop? What’s the plan to do.I feel more secure under this coin oppose to doge.
Accidentally lost money on Trustwallet
Discord??
Vitalik Buterin, Ethereum creator in Dogecoin Tshirt!
850 w psu for 6 rx 580s
Accidentally Lost money on Trustwallet
I just want to thanks everybody
Where could I buy ETH or BTC mined with green energy?
Where does the ETH from gas fees actually GO right now?
Coinbase Debit Card
END DAY  
I need help to figure out if the project I invested in is a scam
i dont have 32 ethereum, how can i stake? i dont want to use coinbase or blockfi
Newbie
3080 hashrate reduced... fake news?
Coinbase Pro?
I sold all my btc. &amp; eth :/
Join me on NDAX to start trading BTC, ETH, LTC, LINK, USDT, XRP, EOS, DOGE, ADA, and XLM on Canada's most secure exchange with 0 deposit fees and 0.2% trading fees. --Use my referral link and we will both get $10.
Colaterization with Solana
Doge to Ethereum
Should I buy ETH now?
Reported hashrate 4 mh/s lower than what it should be
Matic to Ethereum, Running out of Gas?
Help
The last 5 hours remain for Series 1, the first game in the Crypto Casino game series. Wouldn't you like to add the first series of this fun nft game to your collection?
Can I receive a coin in BEP2/BEP20 network but later send it as ERC20?
Certified green miner
Only 7 days for the Bitcoin Pizza Day!
Give me all your ethers!
new
An Ethereum project that could fast track a decentralised world.
Best ways to move Ether to avoid gas fees
Leaving behind Lambos and meme coins, blockchain technology can be used to solve international disputes, create Internet courts and solve cross-jurisdictional governance. This is my interview with the leader of Kleros, spearheading the LegalTech movement on ETH.
New Bsc Farms 🌕🚀💎High APR %
Don’t need to drag me off.. I’m 100% in babyyyy!!
BC.Game runs on open-source code and provides games that are all provably fair and based on the Ethereum blockchain
🚀 New-old Low Marketcap $FUCKMUSK Coin - Get in early! 🚀
ETH TO THE MOON KEEP HODLING 🖐🏼💎
Next level savagery
Sent TRX as an ERC20 token to Bittrex Ethereum address and now they are stuck.
Coinbase ETH2 staking - risky?
What does this mean?
Exchange
Lost ETH 😭
Is there any rebuttal to this paper on why PoS can not be used to form decentralized consensus
Will these transactions post? There were two more pending but disappeared now
Strap Your Seatbelts On! Ethereum Only Has To Double In Order To Flip Bitcoin Market Cap To Become #1!
Will it be easier to make secure forks post-merge?
Do I need to be fckn rich to join eth ?? Th are those fees, I’m just tryna move 68 USDT....
Does a transaction with more inputs cost more to send on Ethereum?
Is Coinbase decent to stake my Eth?
Longevity Meets Blockchain - AMA with Aubrey de Grey and Vitalik Buterin
This is why you HODL
Would Rarible be considered a "public good"? If not, how could it become a public good?
If you remember the 2017/18 crash, you know Ether had a huge run right after BTC crashed, that run eventually faded, but this time is different...bring on the FLIPPENING!
Ropsten Node List
This is game changer for ethereum!
experimenting with EVM bytecode
Elon Musk tweet about Gamestonk!!!
Crypto is much more green then central banking
Tokenizing a wallet address for managing money
Ethereum vs Harmony; A Fast Finality Test
Pleased with the result of work and a breakthrough with such a value! Are you familiar with PEAKDEFI?
ETH VS FTM
I’ve officially staked my Ethereum for the following very important reason.
Stuck Transactions
GTX 3070: Current hash-rate is very low compared to reported hash-rate
🚨We are now live on UNISWAP!🚨
Listen to the latest episode of The Defiant podcast featuring @prestonvanloon speaking to Camila Russo about ETH 2.0 and Cryptex!
Buy a whole Eth now or wait for the bear market to roll around?
My bot Are in buy zone agian. 4300 is coming 😉
So true
Is this for real?? So you send 1 and they send 2 back? Any info??
👀
👀
S2FX “equivalent” for ETH?
How to access coins on Cryptobridge?
Keep buying everyone 😃
Polygon / Matic coming to Kraken on May 17th
My NFT Photos
It doesn’t looked like my staked eth is compounding. Does anyone know if that is correct or if there’s anyway to compound it?
Something to keep in mind for the future: How a quantum computer could break 2048-bit RSA encryption in 8 hours
A tragedy just happened, was told by the CEO of CallistoNetwork @Dexaran that my eth txn experienced a “cross chain collision” and my eth sent was lost and please would Anyone here offer some help to retrieve the lost eth? much appreciated as it is a large part of my asset😭😭😭😭
A tragedy just happened, was told by the CEO of CallistoNetwork @Dexaran that my eth txn experienced a “cross chain collision” and my eth sent was lost and please would anyone here offer some help to retrieve the lost eth? much appreciated as it is a large part of my asset😭😭😭😭
Ethereum dev learning material
Datagen - New Blockchain Project
Lost Keystore File
My first Post ever, kicking off with setting up two eth2 validators!! Just wanted to share my joy :)
“hey, this will be the supercomputer that authenticates all this stuff that’s happening.” About ethereum 💪🏻
I just got here and I am so excited/grateful!
Lending DAI on Ledger - high gas fees?
Any suggestions to get some money off the ethereum blockchain?
Waited for the dip at 2K, the dip never came, so here I am at 4K. 1 ETH! Going long!
Ethereum fees need to be taken seriously
Let's finish up the Rak Miner stock | Rak2 | Rakminer
Head, shoulder knees &amp; toes, knees &amp; toes 🤨
Longevity Meets Blockchain - AMA with Aubrey de Grey and Vitalik Buterin
Can some one ELI5 Uniswap V3 price range for LP.
The Non-profit Decentralized finance is GoodFi adds 22 industry leader to help Defi Overall, 19 leading teams involving in DeFi from throughout the world. DeFi-focused layer-one protocol Radix launched the GoodFi alliance in February.
The future of blockchain is sustainable EOS Together we have made EOS the world's first major carbon neutral blockchain. A sustainable future is the only future.
Will i make a profit if i buy 100$ of ethereum?
ASIC miner Innosilicon A10Pro+ 750MH/s 7GB
What is the incentive for building dapps and daos?
What will Ethereum’s TWh (terawatt-hours) be after ETH2.0?
Should I wait to buy a whole Ethereum or pull trigger now?
Coinbase ETH 2.0 Staking
Are unstoppable domains trustless?
Staking confusion on guarda
eBay Enters NFT Game: Allows Sale of NFTs on Its Platform
Seed phrase in GETH
Swiss Borg
BlizzardToken - RELEASED!🌑 [No "Dev" Wallets ⛔ (Liquidity to be LOCKED] (Rug PROOF &amp; Fair Launch 🧾)[Community Polled Ideas 💯]
I was charged gas fees from something I’ve never interacted with.... (see Brave Frontier Heroes activity) is my wallet hacked?
User created synthetic assets protocol Conjure goes live. Make your own synth, earn fees as a creator and use any oracles you want.
I have 0.0037504 eth, how can i exchange it to PayPal account as usd
Celeb .eth name squatters have decided to give them to the celebs for free. Examples include serenawilliams.eth, parishilton.eth, rihanna.eth and more. Need help reaching these people!
Ethereum Can Flip Bitcoin, But It Can't 'Have Its Cake &amp; Eat It Too
Russian Canadian lightweight champion taking on a laser eyed dragon - wrong sub??
Ethereum Prices Are a Runaway Train, So Grab Your Ticket
Moving ETH and EC20 Coins to Nano
I have a question regarding Coinbase staking for my DCA friends
Robin Hood need help
The big donation from the Shiba inu cryptocurrency that "Vitalik Buterin" made to combat the Covid-19 epidemic in India, would be a malicious joke, since this cryptocurrency is worthless?
NiftyKit Launches on Layer 2 Polygon Network Offering Creators &amp; Brands Low-Cost NFT Minting
This was my first introduction to Ethereum... when I finished high school in my state of Australia my ATAR (final school leaver marks) were signed on Ethereum!
Can anyone mine this transaction?
How to get off the coinbase staking list and start staking
Interested in making dapps, but with these gas prices they only seem to be feasible for rich hipsters.
OMGX Optimistic Rollups will help scale Ethereum
Summer Coding Project
[Article] ETH Can Flip Bitcoin, But It Can't 'Have Its Cake &amp; Eat It Too' - Arthur Hayes
Best Etherum wallet for 2021?
pls, report this scam to youtube
Weekly Report May3rd to May 9th - Luaswap on Eth
🔥 ILUS coin 🔥 was created to solve social Fire &amp; Safety problems in the world and help to save the lives of the people
Let's not pander to Elon!
Ethereum CEO live giveaway scam
OMGX - Optimistic Rollups will scale Ethereum.
Comprehensive Ethereum Layer 2 overview
Problem with sending ETH offline using myetherwallet Offline Helper tool
#10 Reason to buy # CARTESI#🔥🚀🚀🔥
The Flippening is back on: ETH/BTC market cap ratio hits 50%
ethereum wallet loading icon
GameStonk !
The GameStonk Token
Made some Ethereum bills.
First U.S. publicly traded company focused on blockchain infrastructure and technology has announced Q1 update, holds $41.7M in Digital Asset and Cash
My Ethereum investing habits summarized in an NFT
OMGX - Optimistic Rollups will scale Ethereum. Mark my words.
Looking back though my emails and remembering my bank blocked coinbase transactions so couldn't buy it. RIP
"But... but... won't PoS just empower the rich further?" [a debunking]
I am gonna be rich!
It Took Ethereum 30 Years Less Than Apple to Reach a $400B Market Cap
What was wrong with Bitstamp?
Just bought Ethereum no idea how to use a wallet
https://www.reddit.com/r/ETCbets/ spread the word
Should I make a grilled cheese or buy Ethereum?
What kind of APR from staking can we expect after ETH 2.0 is fully implemented?
Is it too late to join the mining rush for Ethereum?
Even princess Bubblegum knows, whats good for her :)
Is my failed eth transaction gone?
Lighthouse Update #36 -- Sigma Prime Eth2
Browsing .crypto domains natively on Brave and the ability to show off your NFTs is 🔥
Is my failed ethereum transaction gone?
Is there a way to verify the legit dapps from scams?
Ethernity Chain announces a new partnership with Polygon. Ethernity Chain wants the current gas fee barrier to be removed. Polygon is within their Layer 2 solution, which runs parallel to Ethereum.
Is Elon Musk becoming John McAfee of this bull run??
My ETH wallet on Blockchain.com is failed.
Gloating
Crypto Cream NFT on Open Sea
Supply split
Forget about laser eyes-how about the 3rd eye of ETH
My ETH wallet on Blockchain.com is failed :(
Free Ethereum with the 2.0 fork or what happens next
Are we getting free Ethereum with the 2.0 fork?
And Ethereum never wavered!
How to implement ethereum in small businesses.
Thoughts on Gamestonk Token?
We all know who the real enemy is....
Ethereum bulls maintain control ahead of Friday’s $730M ETH options expiry
check out my project - feedback/interest is much appreciated
İstenmeyen Tüylere Son
As always..
Varis Nedir ve Nasıl Tedavi Edilir?
Can we run out of gas?
Selling openseanft.eth ENS domain name
Gas fee's will ruin this coin if nothing is done in the next year
Is Ethereum only for the rich or do poor folks have any stake in it???
https://youtube.com/shorts/zxJn7O9fU3g?feature=share
I have been bitten by the bug
Question on the economics of gas
Well this is quite the story...
What’s the best way to save GAS Fees on ERC20 tokens? (If any)
HIGH PAYOUT AIRDROP
Singapore’s DBS Private Bank has announced the launch of Asia’s first bank-backed trust offering for cryptocurrency including Ethereum.
I’m thinking about putting my entire life savings into ethereum. What do you guys think ?
mining eth with phoenix miner latest 5.6d getting HIGH stale rate
Who's ready for the rise?
Who else bought the dip?
Examples of real-life use scenarios for Ethereum? ELI5 for a newbie.
How does this token work and why is it special?
Understanding Ethereum Gas
NFT's MINTED ON BITCOIN! Bitcoin Smart Contracts Have Arrived. Fatboy Slim, Dave Stewart (Eurythmics), Orbital, Cara Delevingne and Chemical X all mint NFT's on Bitcoin for the first time and the cost? 0.0002 STX = $0.00032 Not even 1/10 of a cent.
💎 $NEWINU- Gem, Launched with $5k,now at $2M,400 Holders! Deflationary / Reward System + No Owner, Ultra Low cap, Locked Liquidity 🚀
Buying more ethereum question
Can someone explain why ETH 2.0 needs a layer 2 solution?
What DeFi &amp; other emerging projects are you the most excited about and why?
Bitcoin8m
I did not get my ETH.
1 ETH bought as a leap of faith, my first crypto purchase. Glad to join you.
Robotic surgery center
I hate ETH and all their high transaction fees for other blockchains built on it! When will they sort it out?
Staking Ethereum
The student becomes the master
🏠 Landshare 🏠, a fractional property investment system on the Binance Smart Chain allows everyone to earn high profits from real estate.
Super Protable Flash Loan Model
Remitano
For the first time in history Ethereum might over take bitcoin in worldwide google searches 🥇
What happened
Unlimited Upside
Gas fees are honestly really painful
Not a crypto expert but thought it was interesting that BTC and ETH (not by as much) have diverged from search traffic indicators since Feb. Is it a sign of institutional money flooding in?
What are counter-arguments to "rich get richer" PoS problem and other Ethereum related issues?
Why Ethereum is Sustainable Cryptocurrency.
Why Ethereum is Sustainable Cryptocurrency.
Elon Musk and BTC
Attention Required!
“As much as $365 billion wiped off cryptocurrency market after Tesla stops car purchases with crypto” ⚠️ENOUGH⚠️
Greetings, help a newbie out. 🙇🏻‍♂️
Btc block size matters
I received double the ETH I bought?
VITALIK BUTERIN DOESN’T WANT YOUR SHIBA INU | TAKE BACK YOUR MEME COINS
ETH is Next Stop for Institutional Investors Says FalconX’s head
Elon will manipulate the whole crypto market till the end of the bull run?
What Is DeFi And Why Is It Growing? - Guide
Earnings: Coinbase Triples Revenue, Posts $800M Profit In Q1' 21
Are Vitalik and Elon friends?
Scalability roadmap cheat sheet
Fuck ETH fees
💲💲💲 BondAppétit helps businesses to develop and provide available loans in stablecoins.
God forget tooooo much what he listened.
Where is my Lambogweini at???
Buying the dip
I sold ether then bought it again
Ethereum prediction please. I'm new to this crypto world and own 0.6 of ETH please advise what to be done.
Buy ETH with less fees, FAST! (Life Hack)
All I had was 14.37809381 and I did managed to Pump my earnings up to 14.97542780. As a beginner I'm so happy that i earned 0.59733399 in profits.
All I had was 14.37809381 and I did managed to Pump my earnings up to 14.97542780. As a beginner I'm so happy that i earned 0.59733399 in profits.
WALLSTREETBETS CRYPTOCURRENCY UPDATE DOGE COIN BITCOIN ETHEREUM
Cornfield in the sunset – ultra rare 1/5
I almost sold my .5 ETH for Doge at .38 due to Coinbase listing
Wallet has higher gas fee than the other?
Wallet has higher gas fee than the other?
After scanning QR Code on the Covid Vaccination Passport from my hometown. It's verified with Ethereum.
After scanning QR Code on the Covid Vaccination Passport from my hometown. It's verified with Ethereum.
Should I buy?
Ethereum to $20k in 2021 isn’t just possible, it’s likely. The flippening to happen sooner than you may think, here is why:
Dogecoin to the moon.#climat #rechauffementclimatique #elonmusk #dogecoin #doge #coinbase #moin #digetothemoon #warning #greenhouse #environment #environnement #effetdeserre #crypto #greencrypto #elonmusk
END DAY  
PLEASE HELP sending ETH to binance wallet "stuck" in limbo?
Meme tokens as ddos
How to handle escrow and insurance over smart contract transactions?
When does etherium usually peak daily.
If an ERC-20 Token Project Succeeds, Does This Really Drive ETH Price Up?
Hoping for a trifecta!
Vetalik you Judas !!
ETH 2.0 and mining future?
Coinbase custodial wallet VS hardware wallet?
Viability of dApps... is there any hope?
how much does cost a luch with vitalik?
My ethereum taking days to show in my wallet??
I woke up to this just now. A friend of mine tagged me and bashed me with this instastory he posted. What are your thoughts on this, guys?
Real talk. Making it in the NFT world is freaking hard if you're not famous or you don't have a strong following. I have neither. But I'm still fighting for a chance. If you're in the same boat, please show some love.
Hot money pouring in ETC AND ETC CLASSIC, don’t miss the run in ETC CLASSIC
Need eth for fee
Swapping ETH for MATIC on the Matic Mainnet?
follow news, tweets, videos, and podcasts about Ethereum on coinfeeds
crypto.com = scam
I created my first NFT today.
It seems everyone is an expert here...
Is there a full guide to the entire Ethereum platform anywhere? Including POW, POS, Yield Farming, Providing Liquidity, Layer 2 Scaling Solutions, Web3 etc.
Eth staking on Binance worth it?
beginner
Quickswap - Leading L2 DEX powered by Polygon
Getting .33 mh/s
Need Help Transferring NFTs
How do some DeFi apps or DAPP's work on Google chrome?
Proof of stake and proof of work. I’m not so sure I like POW.
ETH needs a native video platform, a YouTube-killer the public can talk about it
Will this hit 10k by December?
Watch out for the bubble pop coming at the end of March!!! Clear signs!
Play-to-earn: A reminder of the why.
I’ll support this coin till the day I die. HODL. My professional mining set up.
Offchain solutions how exactly do they work to reduce fees?
Please everyone help me I only want $ 100 to buy a drug, not with my price, and I cannot work because I am helpless Thank you for your support and immaculate hearts I have a Bitcoin account on my blockchain wallet and this is the reception number (14UMXviCMVRcwYtxjHuScdHUCvWjdemwoQ)
Ah yes, the environmentally friendly Dollar
Ethereum tokens
Ethereum is dead here's why
Where’s the best place to mine ethereum?
YOU CAN BUY A HOUSE WITH DOGECOIN!! COINBASE ACCEPTING DOGECOIN!! $3 SOON?!?
Poor
why are eth fees low atm
Duelbits - Get up to 50$ for free, no strings attached - bet with crypto (now supports Dogecoins!)
How can I export an old lunary wallet to another app?
Join now to earn free trx airdrop
Idea - How Ethereum Smart Contracts Might Solve Climate Change
Crypto cards in Latin America?
How can I buy ETH if im under 18?
NO admin, NO command line (GUI only) ethereum miner with RTX 30 series support???
Idea - How Ethereum Smart Contracts Can Solve Climate Change
Blockchain basics for Beginners
Ups and Dows are making me crazy!
Why I Spent $225k on a Pixelated Cartoon Image of a Cowboy Wearing a VR Headset
HELP! Bought EtherLite on Ethereum Mainnet instead of EtherLite Mainnet MetaMask Wallet
Shiba inu
Hope everybody is having a great day :)
ETH &lt;-&gt; GBYTE bridge
Help Me pls
TESLA USING ETHEREUM INSTEAD OF BITCOIN? MY THEORY
Eth based sport ownership DAO ?
Newbie questions
Question about ETH 2.0 - supply vs burned/staked ETH
$MoonPug new erc coin!
Register and get 5 BNB worth 3000$! More info on the exchange!
Just bought my 1st ETH
CRASHING !!??? TIME TO SELL!?!?
Sent cellframe from my hardware metamask wallet to my metamask hot wallet and the transaction was successful but the cellframe hasn't left my hardware wallet or arrived in my other metamask wallet. Please help!
ETH Market Cap: newbie question
Hypothetical: 1 BTC or 23 ETH?
What is NFT? Where is NFT used?
Is it just me or should Elon stay away from ETH?
I’ve done something really stupid, any advice on how I can recover my BEP20 ETH?
All revenues from the wen site will be sent to poor families in africa. give a hand to goodness advise and share.
Diversify?
Is Primexbt reliable?
Make your own Synthetics, any oracle, network agnostic, collateralizeed. Custom fees, oracles, collateralization threshold, free market assets
Stop dumping at a loss dips are normal! Advice for new investors.
Has anyone heard of this token ? $Ethereum Max, its brand new up 86,000% and still going !
Which 2 should i buy:
Hey looking to buy some ethereum, I have money but I would like to send it though PayPal goods and services so I am safe please let me know if your selling
Episode 8: "Ethereum Ft. Tim Beiko" - Ethereum protocol specialist/facilitator Tim Beiko joins us "On The Block" to discuss Ethereum 2.0. The transition from proof of work to proof of stake, the beacon chain/sharding of the blockchain all the way to docking the mainnet blockchain, and EIP 1559!!
Mining Rewards cut to half?!? (CONSPIRACY THEORY)
Coinbase ETH staking: not able to stake my entire bag
"VOLUME" my new Nfts Art collection
Could ETH hit 7000 by EOY
"Volume" my new Nfts art collection
Ethereum Indicator (MarketCypher) Buy and Sell Signals - LIVE
Best way to navigate a compromised private key
Why the fuck are people selling?
I'm concerned Polygon/Matic may be vampire attacking Ethereum. I may be wrong, would welcome additional perspectives
I'm concerned Polygon/Matic may be vampire attacking Ethereum. I may be wrong, would love additional perspectives
I recently bought Ethereum but I only see it going down is it still going to grow?
Ethereum Fees Too HIGH
I’m somewhat new to the crypto world and this may seem like a silly question to some of you veterans out there but if you could share your thoughts it would be much appreciated.
Smart Contracts Dev
Siz bu konuyla ilgili ne düşünüyorsunuz? What do you think about this issue? #bcd
Am I doing this ether thing right guys?
Can you transfer of weekends?
Can you transfer ETH on weekends?
Question about joining the waitlist for ETH2
How high do you think ETH will go this bull run?
I’m sticking it out🔑
Need some help with mining rig
Ethereum drop?
GIVEAWAY!!!
GameStonk Token is fully certified and audited.
Cardano (ADA) has reached a new peak, but it is probably not the best time to buy this cryptocurrency right now.
WholeEarthFoundation
The GameStonk Token
Central Bank attack on PoS vs. PoW
Central Bank attack PoS vs. PoW
Vitalik now live on an event hosted by Greek Crypto Community
Rewriting transaction history in POS?
Rewriting transaction history in POS?
Tell me why I shouldn't convert some of my ETH into ADA
From ETH to XRP?
ETH2.0 on Revolut
AllCoreDevs #113 Twitter Recap
My minted artworks
Learn first before investing in Bitcoin
Details regarding how the RNG works for POS?
VB single handedly killed the altcoin industry. What would cause a billionaire to rug pull poor investors?
Blood cancer patient John Zippy receives $800,000 donation in Ethereum.
Rewriting transaction history in POS?
SHIBA literally saving lives in India right now. Least we can do is support him 🚀
digitalbureaucracy
'The sustainability of Cryptocurrency' - An interactive digital gallery I created which visualises the energy use of Ethereum and Bitcoin
'The Sustainability of Cryptocurrency' - An interactive digital gallery I created with data from Ethereum
When we're in the red and I'm mad
Time heals all pullbacks
All of my graduation money to ETH?
0xHack - Borderless, open &amp; decentralized online coding marathon (May 14th - June 2nd) $65,000 in prizes along with workshops, presentations and panels.
Educational Documentaries about the roots of ETH make me forget the Financial aspect for a time
Ethereum projects
startupmoon
https://cryptorelief.in/donate
1080 hash rate
Someone's salty, "A 'War on Rugs' Has Been Declared Against Ethereum Creator Over SHIB Transfer"
PIZZA SMOKE KISSES
Want to Start ETH Mining ⛏️
IS THIS WORTH 6.9420??
Layer 2 and double spending
Going down
I Sended ETH on Bep20 chain to From Binance to Trust Wallet
Any dev suggestions for good ETH certs or courses
I just found a beginners guide to understanding Ethereum’s monetary policy. It helped me better understand 1559.
Ethereum founder donates $1.14bn in cryptocurrency to Covid-hit India - Coin press Turbo
Ethereum founder donates $1.14bn in cryptocurrency to Covid-hit India - Coin press Turbo
Wherefore are thou, Ether?
This is the Sandeep and Vitalik way...donate to the India Relief Fund @ https://cryptorelief.in/donate
Ethereum CryptoBlessing 1
What does this mean? I’m new to crypto.
This is the Vitalik way...
Developers declare war on Ethereum after founder's Shiba Inu dump
Me during this bull run
Trying to find my private key using a mnemonic code
Hey guys I currently don’t own any ethereum would you recommend buying it at its current value?
Etherium Back to 2662! IT'S HAPPENING!
Looking for a CTO for a DeFi startup.
Ether could usurp bitcoin as most important crypto by year end: master
These Iranian woman are crushing it in crypto
Help
What you guys think about it
Is there any open source android wallet for my ethereum?
"When Lambo" - a really bad set of values
Eth Brain Wallet Recovery?
Cryptocurrency Investments
I got banned from r/crypto for "spamming shit coins" due to mentioning eth as an example to something in a comment. R/ethereum is such a nicer sub.
Is Binance Safe?
Dogecoin (DOGE) Pushing the Limits: Expert Comments on the Rise of DOGE
What Happens If Bitcoin Falls to $ 0 (Zero)?
Is crypto money reliable?
Dogecoin (DOGE) Pushing the Limits: Expert Comments on the Rise of DOGE
Since the beginning of 2021, DeFi protocols have suffered up to $156 million in losses from attacks.
Invested 10k today
Ethereum Recovers but Struggles Below $4,000 Resistance Zone
My reaction to ethereum dropping 1%
Is ethereum capable of rolling out a solution for companies like Vechain is doing? Is it possible for 2022?
Is proof of stake going to drastically decrease the price of GPUS?
The Importance of Composable Wallets for Users and Developers
.ETH &amp; .DAO : is it the "Next Big Thing"? Should I learn to code? Are smart contracts the future?
⚠️ Reddit’s “vault” uses Ethereum. Are you signed up? ⚠️
How do the ethereum devs expect people to keep the currency up and running if staking requires 32 ethereum?
I've gone down the rabbit hole and I can't get out
I've gone down the rabbit hole and I can't get out
Is Chainlink's business model useless?
Swan turf war – ultra rare 1/5
Buy EtherLites IBCO/ICO
Ethereum is about to flippen Bitcoin on Google Trends.
ETHEREUM
Staking on Kraken
Ethereum Market Cap Now Half the Size of Bitcoin
Rug Pull?!?!?
Ether 2.0 - Lower gas fees and rewards plus other benefits to migrating.
Probably the 100th same staking question asked
Cardano Smart Contracts To Launch On Test Net This Month
Accidentally sent GRT to Trezor ETH wallet
Help: Accidentally sent GRT to Trezor ETH wallet
Lose $60 per transaction?
Secured token burning
Just tried Polygon and it's amazing
Ethereum and other major Cryptos accepted at La Sirène Soho NYC. This is how paying at the restaurant looks like.
END DAY  
Man i love ethereum! Hodl everyone! This will be a wild ride. Not a good day for crypto but u cant have 365 good days a year. Hodl everyone…. Hodl.
Seeing this dip makes me so happy. Please let me buy all the dip
Can someone tell this crack addict Elon to gtt off twitter
Deep fake giveaway scam? (cross post)
Soon in the near future we will no longer use Dollars. We will only use Gweis and Sats.
Oh no, my FUD is out of control!
why eth falling?
This dip is driving me nuts!!
Is ethereum dipping because Vitalik Buterin cashed out on his ethereum holdings ?
Stop romanticizing Elon Musk.
Beware of the ETH giveaway scam on YouTube
Why ETH Will Win as Store of Value
When will Ethereum stop dipping?
Buying eth anonymously
Thoughts on Cordano (ADA) ?
Trying to stop drinking, putting money into crypto instead
Should I stake or should I go now?
only getting invalid or stale shares
Anyone else buying the dip?
If I got paid in Ethereum, and bought my goods in Ethereum, how hard would it be to hide from the tax man in a western country?
What stops exchanges from staking?
Ethereum noob
How do you personally pronounce and spell "dapp"?
Best wallets for New Yorkers
“Fellowship of the Coin”
Market Correction or Musk Interferrence
Question about making new smart contract
Crypto Regulation News: IRS solicits contractors to audit tax returns relating to cryptocurrency, Proof of Stake Alliance talks with SEC about blockchain standards, NYDFS grants BitLicense to crypto exchange operator ErisX
What do you think is gonna happen this week? And why...
https://pangeamovement.com/pages/pangea-coin
I bought my first nft. So now I am not only an artist but also a collector now.
What crypto is this? I can't find the market analysis or even find the contract address on etherscan but it's in my wallet.
Carol Green tolikkalinin2012
Help thinking through a long term investment question
where to find collaborators for your ethereum project?
Don’t feel blue metamask is safe, and your funds is secure. We made a minor color change to the blue on: -unlock button -underlined under the password If you have version -9.5.0 or higher, your underline will look like this in the image below.
All crypto is trading together
What exactly is a .ETH domain?
How to buy coldstack!
sudoswap, a free p2p swapper for any bundle of assets (ERC20/721/1155)
Fair launch soon!
Meme tokens as a ddos attack
We’ve deployed our SPOR token! Every citizen of our ShroomTopian metaverse will earn a daily amount of these deflationary tokens for a lifetime!! Come and check us out 🍄
collab wanted for NFT staking yield farming project
Eth garbage address
Restoring old parity wallet
Beacon merge happening in December confirmed?
"Ethereum 2 has failed, Ethereum is not secure, etc etc" We really need Vitalik to debunk the FUD Charles is spewing once and for all. New people are being mislead en-masse as Charles is gaining more and more air time. Up-vote if you'd like to see them debate the tech and get to the bottom of it.
Kraken and Texas
Is there a way to provide a public proof of how much ether you hold without disclosing your address?
ETH withdrawal from Binance to Metamask
Looking to mine as a hobby on the side. What are some reputable miners available?
How does PoS not artificially inflate price?
So what's everyone's prediction on how much the price of ETH will dip?
Ether staking
ETH + ALTCOINS ACCEPTED AS PAYMENT! AMAZON NEXT?
Many people are still underestimating the massive impact that EIP-1559 and the eth1 &lt;&gt; eth2 merger are going to have on the value of ETH. If $ETH becomes the world’s most expensive asset will you be surprised? Just felt i needed to show my portfolio to everyone so you can keep hodling 🖐🏼💎
Mark Cuban: Ethereum Will Disrupt Big Software Companies -
so I bought two 3060’s to mine with. I plugged one into my normal pc to see how it would preform and it’s getting 7.3 mh/s does anyone know why or how to increase the speed? My normal gpu 2060 was doing 35-40 mh/s
Opinions on proof of authority blockchain platform for energy sector as alternative investment
Any channel for backend research and development discussions?
Please help me not get scammed
Message from VB regarding the burn (unconfirmed whether real or not)
can't send ether on metamaks
when eth 2.0 happen?
when will eth 2,0 happen?
Ethereum Gigachad Moment
Do L2 scaling chains still have a purpose in a post ETH2 world
VITALIK burns 420Trillion SHIBA
Ethereum Gigachad
Question about sending ETH
Do you guys trust Vitalik and his vision for Ethereum?
Facebook crypto groups are not out for your best interest. If I were a whale/bear. I would just hangout on those forums due to restricting valuable trading information for responsible money management. It’s all a hype train to pull rugs.
If the entire interent went down what would happen?
ETH is showing it’s independency over BTC
Are fees Contra-productive? (E-ID)
Buy “ethereum” on Crypto.com
Wrapped Bitcoincash Airdrop Sign Up
When #ethereum 2.0 goes live soon, is going to be same as bank, because is breaking rules of blockchain. The reason why #bitcoin was created is to be decentralized, #bitcoin and #ethereumclassic have same purpose being decentralized always. #ETC #BTC coins of People.
ETH 2.0 - Energy Reduction
Even Kevin understands the advantage of POS over POW.
Won’t ETH be more environmentally friendly when it fully transitions to PoS?
ETH 2.0 - percent % energy reduction
China and ETH
Gary Vaynerchuck holding ETH
What is happening? Why including Eth all Crypto going Down? Some special event?
New to this ETH and I’m freaking out with the crypto dropping! I will take any help I can get! Hold or sell?
Gary Vaynerchuck holding ETH
No matter how much you love ether (and I sure do), you must admit this:
bitcoin has gone up. $ 1,000,000
stake or hodl ETH on coinbase?
Need help! I stupidly tried to send Binance-peg ethereum from trust wallet to my ethereum wallet on my Coinbase account(not my Coinbase wallet). It sent, but my Coinbase account never received it. How do I get it back?
Is Solana a copy of Ethereum or ETH unique, even today?
Hey guys, Just curious why is ETH taking the most beating? Is it just that we gave had one of the steepest rides up in past few weeks?
Just want to remaind Elon Musk will buy ETH and announce on Twitter.
Should we start to worry?
Gary Vaynerchuck HODL ETH
buying eth on metamask
MetaMask Scammed me?
Do Eth will go up again?
does that mean my hasrate is 35 per second?
Help me fill out a short survey about cryptocurrency investments
new to crypto
Help!
What happening?
Hi I need some help making sure im getting the correct hashrate.
help
Musk sells bitcoin
How low does the dip need to dip for you to buy more?
Bitcoin pokecard 1st Edition NFT Only 1 Ever Minted In The World!
will ethereum dip further this week?
Should I buy ethereum?
Noob question. What is the difference between ETH. vs ETH 2.0 and what happens if you hold ETH?
i just bought 2 ethereum on friday @ 4k and im currently down 1,200 🤯 should i pull out and buy back when it bottoms out?? looks like its still tanking 🥴🥴🥴🥴🥴
Cheapest way to borrow stablecoin with eth as collateral
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News!
HOLD
Is there a cheaper way to convert eth to altcoins?
Why is ethereum dropping
Crypto and Blockchain are taking the center stage on TikTok as mass adoption continues to grow. Kirobo did get a nice shoutout from @Deanthinke. Do not forget: For a limited time, you get rewarded with KIRO coin for using the undo button: https://eth.kirobo.me/
Blockchain Gaming - The rise of the Metaverse economy on the Ethereum blockchain
NFT Photo - Playa Los Órganos Piura - Mati De Caro
HELP ME
i need help
Help
Staking Ethereum on MEW or trezor. I have 32.
Bought 2 coins at around 4K and loosing a grand right now. Should I sell?
i need help
Smart Contract
Creating arbitrage through your own token and Dex.
Will this transaction ever finish?
Great intro to blockchain primitives, Solidity mentioned
Help me become the first cat on a x flight
Ethereum price is s3xy
Moving a pending transaction
War On Rugs Targets Ethereum Over Vitalik Buterin Dumping Shiba
Someone know why Ether go down like that ? Thanks guys
Just converted all of my BTC to ETH
How to be a transaction processor
Since r/Cardano is removing posts like this, maybe Ethereum community can explain?
Hey guys, just joined this Reddit and have invested in Ethereum. Should I be concerned about all the news about the environmental impact of mining? My understanding is ETH has less of a carbon footprint than BTC but is much high compared to newer coins. Does ETH 2 address this?
🤓 I made an ETH price signal and live chat MVP with no ads or annoying crap. Any feedback on how it can be better?
Why is transaction broadcasting sometimes so slow?
price going down... only 1 thing to do
All-time high and back!
Do we know when Ethereum will make the hard fork? I thought it would be after the Berlin congress?
You can now stake on Coinbase!
All-time high and back!
Ethereum Devs Have Calculated How to Defuse the 'Difficulty Bomb' - Decrypt
Converting mined ETH from wallet to PayPal/debit card (Under 18 Years Old)
Safest mobile ethereum wallet on IOS (multi sig and open source)
Why can't I change my owner wallet on an Unstoppable domain?
ARTDECO TOKEN Set To Change The NFT Marketplace Game (100X Price Prediction In Coming Months)
Oh no, I bought more!
The Fascinating Potential of Decentralized Interest with Marc Zeller from Aave
Should i buy 100$ worth of eth right now?
Why $CSPR is better than Ethereum 2.0
What do you guys think the lowest and highest target for the week are?
What is the heckin problem today!? Big dip, no chips
What's happening??
Claim ENS on ETH2
"TransportError: Failed to sign with Ledger device: U2F DEVICE_INELIGIBLE" I get this on uniswap
Claiming ENS deposits on ETH2
High gas fees for ENS deposits?
Will I be able to reclaim ENS Deposits once the network upgrades to ETH2?
How much longer is this my gonna dip
Can we have a daily discussion thread?
heyhey
Funky VB
On Uniswap I get this: "TransportError: Failed to sign with Ledger device: U2F DEVICE_INELIGIBLE". Can someone help!
Even Raoul Pal holds more ETH than bitcoin, should we too?
Asking for a friend... Should my friend take out a loan to put into Ethereum?
Why ETH is dipping so much? Kinda nervous
Hey guys I have created a new subreddit for sharing memes and discussions, questions etc. Come join us let’s have fun!
We’re the first driveway company in the UK to accept crypto currency as payment, possibly even the first in the construction industry in Scotland to do so!
Lovely Sunday we’re having.
Let's rebrand Mnemonic to Secret Words
What’s up with ethereum price?
How come people criticize DOGE for having no supply limit while they support ETH??
Me (13), really wants to join school at sea. Needs to fundraise. So taking a chance with some coins. Help me hope they go to the moon 😉🤞
Need a Tip on wich Stable Coin Stake is good on ETH network.
$$$
Frustrated: why must Eth keep following BTC trends..every once in a while it seems to break free from BTC but that never lasts long…
https://opensea.io/assets/0x60f80121c31a0d46b5279700f9df786054aa5ee5/997662
Understanding IPFS + Simple file uploading
New to ETH - Looking for Some Resources to Help Learn!
Ethereum price
Non-Custodial Staking with Ethereum
VERY soon, the crypto space will change forever.
Etherium wallet and mining program
cancel transaction in metamask wallet but eth does not come back
cancel transaction in metamask wallet but eth does not come back
Justin burned
I’m really new to investing and believe I have a good understanding of ethereum and the stock market however can someone elaborate or give me some explanation to why ethereum seems to be struggling recently? Thanks
Is proof of stake going to make Nvidia's Eth miners obsolete?
Better to trade pairs or individual markets?
yeah its done 🤘🤙😅
Expected recovery of ether?
Ethereum bomb delayed, again.
What options are there to expose Roth IRA in USA to Eth? Is Gray Scale Eth Trust my only option?
BTC is dead ! Which effects Eth too Hahahah 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤡🤡
Responses to ETH critics.
Was there no centralization? Why when btc loses value, all coins (ethereum) fall with it. Can someone explain to me? I'm sorry for my bad english.
Ethereum is my
Why is it keep falling?
What is the next big thing like Bitcoin? -
WOW knot heads!
Don't give Elon Musk the power to control crypto
Mining and the future
New AIRDROP by @airdopadnana
Best Ethereum Use Cases - Top 6 Blockchain Use Cases
Struggling to add funds from my bank I’m in the uk any help please
what motherboard you guys using?
What is the Cardano ADA coin, where and how to buy it?
Ethereum price
Love the Ether
Predictions
Newbie question
Why are ETH holders are switching to ada?
[METAMASK] Transfering NFT Tokens from one account to another
Why would so-called blockchain enthusiasts work for private/permissioned blockchain platforms?
Smart-contracts amigos !
Need Help !!
Best Swap to trade with lowest fee?
Ether gas fees are "about $3.50" says Loch Ness Monster
Ethereum T Shirt
Order Ethereum T-Shirt
What do you think?
POS potential income question.
The Next Big Thing is Here!: Register and Stay Tuned.
digitalbureaucracy
Where to buy ETH online without login?
Problem
Transaction problem
Transaction problem
Scam Alert! Please safeguard your holds. It seems as if new scams are popping up everywhere!
Transaction problem
Transaction problem
Why Daily profit so low if price didnt change much ? Noob here
Transaction problem
I have been hacked
Transaction problem
Does staking Eth on Binance Eth 2.0 count as a taxable event?
When would be the time to migrate to L2
Transaction problem.
Upvote if you support Vitalik's donation to India’s Covid effort.
9189 Block Confirmations
Isnt PoS a self-reinforcing pattern?
An underrated use of the Ethereum Blockchain
Where Ethereum (ETH) is Accepted Locally and Globally - over 3000 businesses
So... I guess Fortnite is on board?
Finally we have common ground! 💪🏻
Developer Buy-In
Cryptocurrency's share of the global money supply grows by more than 2%
Does Ethereum have most applicable value among all coins?
Some PoS thoughts
How to get Ethereum (ETH) from us
LONGING
LONGING
PROGRAMMING: Is there a common package to link your wallet with a ETH-based dApp?
$ETH
The Ultimate Guide to Mining Ethereum on Windows 10 in 2021
STILL LIFE WITH CACTUS – ultra rare 1/5
The premine
My affair with "DIP"..
This Looked similar to Etherum? So I had a question, Can a game like Fortnite or COD be Integrated on Etherum? (If they were not an IP)
ETH2 in a nutshell 🌰
Ethereum Record Label (2 minute read)(Earn free crypto by reading and tipping authors)
Eth Mining Rate Drop?
Is ethereum max really related to ethereum?
How can I sell my glass for ETH?
Explain ETH to a layman
END DAY  
Ethereum books "Ultra Sound" Financial Growth in Q1--ETH likely to clinch closer to 5 digit territory this year.
Optimistic gas comparison
I'm new to Reddit. Not to Crypto
Hey everyone! I’m selling my painted car as an NFT. Owner of the NFT gets the car. Pretty sure I’m the first to do this and am very excited to see how this develops. Here it is! Let me know your thoughts :)
Sent ETC to ETH address on a ledger
Classic
Satoshi Nakamoto gives take on Elon Musk
I figured I would post this after everything that's been going on this year
Use smart contract to verify physical item is unique?
Question about desire to create Dapps
Trust to Metamask...
How does proof of stake work?
How does proof of stake work?
Etherum Price drop. Buy/sell
GAS FEES
When Ethereum switches to PoS, what effect will it have on ERC20 tokens?
I'm holding strong. My friend didn't.
Geth node setup help, sometimes reading new block freezes node for a minute or so
Will things turn around? I’m down a few k between eth and doge….don’t want to sell. Also see the amc thing going on. Trying to make some extra coin before we have a baby
Is the crypto market gonna crash to bottom now?
What changes I may have to do for running Eth 2.0 nodes
Stake.
EIP-1559 Gas, Tip and Burn Mechanism
Does anyone have information about these “arbitrage bots.” Thanks in advance. 🙏🏻
Resources to learn Ethereum in protocol, security and advanced levels
Do you like Shiba inu coin?🦮🚀
Moved my ADA to ETH sorry had too!
i now understand what is going on !
Should I sell?
Natural dip cycle vs update vs meme stocks
New here, holding 10 coins. Should I keep buying more on this dip? Is this just a dip or is it going to keep going??
EPNS 2021 ROADMAP
Crypto War News: ETH vs BSC.. Polydoge set to take on Dogecoin
Kishu Inu!!!
Here is one NFT of my new collection. (Opensea Name: TheNFTCrew)
Could MetaMask generate hundreds of addresses from a unique seed phrase to protect privacy?
For what it's worth, I think this whole thing will end up being good for Eth. It's like Bitcoin fell down, and in the process grabbed onto Eth's pants and pull them down, revealing Eth has a big penis. Sure Eth is momentarily embarrassed, but soon its going to notice more girls talking to em
Rebuking some misinformation about the founders ADA and ETH
Any thoughts on why eth is dipping hard??🥺🥺
Bought ETH on Trust Wallet (Via pancakeswap) and it came through as Binance-Peg Ethereum. Is this ok?
Why is eth going down (from $4k to $3.3k)?
Ethereum Mining
MyFirstNFT channel by Listory Listen
Debunking the claim that Cardano is many times faster then Ethereum
I interviewed Abbas Husain a Michigan artist about NFT's, he talks about Reddit, gas fees and more
Ethereum Network Revenue Set to Smash Monthly Record of $722 Million
Rocket Pool Launch Imminent
"Although code is theoretically immutable, one can easily get around this and have de-facto mutability by having chunks of the code in separate contracts, and having the address of which contracts to call stored in the modifiable storage."
question for the experts
Staking apy
Get 0.05 (10$) ETH SignUp Bonus
Q1 2021 Ethereum “results” are really impressive
Help Needed from the ETH Community...
Withdraw with block proposal - ETH 2.0
ETH Stolen by a Fraudulent Scam - Asking for Help from the Community...
What's the danger in raising the gas limit even further?
How Search Drilldown for Ethereum Works on Hacker Noon (https://hackernoon.com/search?query=ethereum)
ETHEREUM IS MADE WITH A SELF DESTRUCT BUTTON! BE CAREFUL....
New NFT by budding artist. Please buy to support artist. Cheers from Asia
Everyone, give me your Ethereum. The Bitcoin guys are coming.
Shiba inch to the moon 🚀🚀🚀
Friendly reminder! Our airdrop is still live but not for too long, so get involved! All you need to do is to share our platform on social media and we will reward you with our tokens. That's it! No credit card, no kyc, it is as simple as it gets. https://optionsmarket.io/airdrop
BitFex - crypto exchange without KYC
BitFex.trade - crypto exchange without KYC
What’s the argument to buy this over something already successful like BTC?
Spectre − morph art ownership into a collective form
Where to learn Ethereum &amp; Smart Contract
Buy more eth now or wait?
Staking
The Dao hack and is Blockchain really safe?
MainNet and Sidechain Business Questions - ETH noob figuring things out
Really cheap network fees suddenly?
ethereum consolidating for the next leg up
Bitcoin transactions everyone must know
How can the IRS know how long you held coin in a wallet if you mine it and let it sit?
Ethereum - ways to earn
Finally got over the hump during the dip!
Stay strong crypto brothers! Hodl! -from the doge lands #support each other 😌
Staking fees on Kraken
Argent vault is live
We have built a tool that allows you to take notes on every asset listed on Coinmarketcap and also to create your own tags. We would love to get some feedback on the idea.
Is there an "official" burn address for Ethereum?
Labra Coin!!
when you buy the dip but it keeps on dipping...
Petition: Unfollow Elon Musk on all social media sites
analysis of eth
User Interview Opportunity with Gifts
Join real PoS without delegation
Sad day
Eth question
💎💪
I got scammed
That’s it...
Staking Ethereum Question
Taxed on cyrpo gains of course. But what happens when crypto can be exchanged for goods?
Should I stake?
ETH movement?
Actions have consequences
Good time to buy now?? Or it will keep getting lower
Converting Eth
Is Ethereum a worst investment?
What happens to ETH miners when PoS launches?
How did you guys let it go down to 3.1k
AllCoreDevs Update 003 ⛓
Vitalik Buterin Burns The Remaining Shiba Tokens - $6 Billion Dollars
What app is this? Trying to access old ethereum wallet.
Having trouble HODLing?
Irs gaining asscess to consumer data
Argent Vault now live for all: Combines multisig security and one tap DeFi.
Ethereum Giveaway
Please. Can you help me?
When are the next ETH Upgrades expected?
Include input data in a transaction
Is ethereum dying
ETC price prediction (The numbers are shocking)🛸🛸🛸
Could you generate a private key by accident that suits to the public key?
Tesla or ETH?
You selling your eth due to the price drops?
Spectre : Fractional art ownership for NFTs
Diamonds hands turning paper thin
I saw Vitalik talking about Gnosis safe multi sig wallet. Does anyone here use or recommend it?
Why is the price of Ethereum dropping?
To all the crypto newbies like myself - if you invested what you can afford to lose and plan to hold for a long time, you have no reason to be worried! Here is my personal experience:
Frustrated!
Will you really need 100 000 dollars in ETH for STAKING?
Buy now or wait a little longer?
Why is Bitcoin falling? (Statement from Elon Musk)
If somebody feels bad: I bought 50k € in @ ATH.
While I believe in the future, I think we have not earned it yet.
Kraken eth staked, different prices
SOL provides a better Return on Investment compared to ETH. Solana Founder Anatoly Yakovenko claims that ETH’s PoS is not good enough. Yakovenko came up with a big idea called Proof of History. However, SOL is not interested in competing with ETH.
Is there a safe Ethereum miner
StopElon coin making news &amp; exploding charts!
Cryptocurrency Mining Equipment shop and more - Spring Sale!
What features do you want to have in your crypto wallet?
How to create DApp Game like Cryptokitties
Any estimates on when or if 20k will happen
Ultrasound Money &amp; the Ethereum Triple Halving | Nikhil Shamapant
A lot of fiat simps over the last 48 hours shilling away, blaming Musk, etc, don't get this one thing...
A simple PRNG in pure EVM OPCODE
Fell for a scam and Immediately knew, but it was too late.
Btc block size
Any project/technology working on "compartmentalized permission" private keys?
Add to your calendar Ethereum (ETH) event: Rinkeby Testnet - June 23, 2021
Add to your calendar Ethereum (ETH) event: Goerli Testnet - June 16, 2021
Add to your calendar Ethereum (ETH) event: Ropsten Testnet - June 9, 2021
Raspberry Pi 4 Model B 4GB
Vitalik Buterin Burns $6B in SHIB Tokens, Says He Doesn’t Want the ‘Power’
Bitcoin Block Size Matters
(Technical question) Why can't Ethereum increase it's block size 10x and reduce block time 10x?
I'm looking for a wallet with specific features
DANGER !
DANGEROUS ! FAKE ETHEREUM GIVEAWAY ON YOUTUBE
SWM - Swarm Network | AMA TODAY 3PM UTC
sham
Urgent need
Why is transaction broadcasting sometimes very slow?
Hello! From shib
Shib/army
Send message for more information
Ethermine and Metamask confusion
Ethermine and Metamask confusion
Shib/army
How is it that three totally different things follow the same pattern?
Remitano
How is gas usage trusted?
Paid gas fees for nothing.. Trust wallet swap traded 0 coins.
Introduction to Robust Secured Crypto-Currency: Could this work on Ethereum?
Vitalik Buterin, who a few weeks back donated cryptocurrency worth over $1 billion to India’s Covid-19 relief fund continued his donation streak by recently burning approximately half of the supply of Shiba Inu (SHIB) to various charities (he didn’t disclose).
it will be fraud or not
Long term mistake? (Personal opinions)
it will be fraud or not
"Eth2 node, at home, without a monitor"
EPNS APRIL RECAP.
Best place to stake ETH?
blockchain technology and the future
Crypto Art, made by me, Artistic Axel.
The Cryptonaire mindset
Lost all my Ether to a hacker
Best Canadian Crypto Exchange
Critical Flaw.
Excessive and Extreme Gas Fees
Excessive and extreme "Gas" - FEES-
Vitalik Buterin Burns 410 Trillion SHIB After Donating to India Relief Fund
I sold at the lowest point in the last 24h. Don't be like me.
Rate my portfolio!
Crypto App in South East Asia
what app you use
Arbitrum is the best smart contract platform since 2015
Ethereum Could Go Hi gher and Support Crypto Hardware Storage Device, Ledger
Need help
Blockchain Billionaire [Official Lyric Video]
Best Exchanges For Ethereum?
Dissecting the Balancer V2 protocol (Part 1)
Could something be done to improve the state of this sub?
How to build bridge
Those who are “greatly suffering”
My website just started taking Ethereum as a from of payment. In the other forms of payment method. We need more stores taking crypto. I'm so excited I had to share the news
Keep price discussion and market talk, memes &amp; exchanges to subreddits such as /r/ethfinance/ or /r/ethtrader
Ethereum use cases: NFTs - likely the least of the use cases for eth.
Trump got Twitter banned for worse
Is this legit? If I send eth I will get double?
DeFi
DeFi maturity for the "Average Joe"
Full move to DeFi
“Bitcoin Karen” A.K.A. Elon Musk. Let’s get this out there to make it stick.
Who else bought at the dip?
When we gonna see this go back up?
What is The Eth community take on NFTs
Question around Regulating Algorithms on the Blockchain
I try to sell NMR to ETH, but Uniswap and 1inch ask me to sign a transaction for 0 ETH
The stupidest thing you can do
If you don’t buy this dip..
Noob question. Does ETH actually live up to the fundamental definition of a decentralized currency? I love ETH and its tech but i feel skeptical of its defi claims. I hope i can be reassured that it is but more importantly i seek the honest truth. Whats your opinion? Got any links for me?
Water lilies – ultra rare 5/5
Eth independence
Very interesting, He is not wrong... this video is 3 weeks old..
Crypto investing is an amazing spiritual practice
Umm
I was getting worried ETH wouldn't be cheap to buy again, but it's on discount again you guys!!! :))
Where is blockchain data stored in proof of stake?
The truth
Just wondering, bitcoin went down after elon musk tweets, why did ethereum go down too?
The true….
Can someone give me hope? Everyone losing money , when will this end? Oh bear sweet bear please go away. Does anyone have a any idea about it. I need to hear good things about it.
I’M SO DEPRESSED
Can someone give me hope?
What’s your call on the bottom before ethereum bounces?
END DAY  
. I need help. My mom is poor and cannot pay for the house. The owner of the house wanted to evict us, because I don't speak much English. Please help me, if you interested send me a message
Why is ETH dropping so low? Will it go back up?
Did I just get scammed by a trader??
Did I just get scammed by someone who claims to be a trader??
Y'all think this rug pull ether war is helping the demise of eth? Or all the BS news in the last few hours, seems like a desperate move to try n revive eth. Gas fees? Although i know that's being worked on. Ethereum is souped tf up. Way better than BTC. BTC does nothing lol slow n boring.
Personalized crypto punks?
Has Uniswap trading via Optimism been delayed?
Just dropped a bag💰
Eth - good rate to buy?
Hey guys, why is Ethereum falling?
Elon Musk Suggests Doge Block Size Improvements And Hints At His Own Coin
Why decentralized finance needs decentralized insurance
If only it were this easy...
Diversify? Make that MONEYYYY
HELP😭
buy banano
Is it possible to use the testnet to get an idea for the gas costs associated with using Polygon chain?
Is it me or the ship sinking slowly. I think I have to pull out. This just makes no sense. I thought this was a coin to hodl but so many ppl selling all of a sudden.. I didn’t get the memo. Shaking my head! Disappointed in ethereum :(
I have a brand new unused GTX 1660 SUPER. How much can I resell it for ATM?
DigiMax Completes Acquisition of Barberton Fund - Expects to Launch Crypto Trading Fund in August 2021, by @accesswire
Successful transaction but no funds?? I checked ether scan on the wallet I sent too and says the balance is there but on the App it’s not :(
is eth on sale
Can somebody explain the recent downfall in most crypto prices? BTC is about to go below 40k for the first time in months.
is Ethereum on sale ?
Why Are Ethereum Fees So High for NFTs?
Hello
Private ETH Blockchain Keystore Management
Private Ethereum Blockchain Keystore Management
ERC20 Converter to Seamlessly convert Ethereum (ETH) to Cardano (ADA)
my name is Mohammed. I am 18 years old. I need help. My mom is poor and cannot pay for the house. Sorry, the house owner wanted to kick us out, I don't speak much English. please give me
ETH is about to flip BTC, 😉 is everyone excited?? 😊😊😊
Can someone explain why Ethereum is tanking right now? I see all the endless possibilities of the network and just do not understand if I am missing something or what.
Ethereum Technical Analysis for May 19, 2021 - ETH
Decentralized Applications on Ethereum
Buy up bout to be margin called 🙄
Who is crashing Ethereum ? Robinhood , Musk, Bezos? Or something else?
Who Else thinks will hit 2k by the end of the night?
hey guys!
Need more feedback for my research paper, help me out with this short survey!
Termalpads replacement for 3080
Decentralized Social Media
Need Help with Uniswap v3
Bullish pennant incoming?
Withdrew money etherscan says success but no money ?
[Newbie] how do you guys deal with watching ETH just tank? Seriously tho 😳
Hold, a message from Joel Haver
Will ETH 2.0 reduce gas fees for other coins?
EXPLOSIVE: Could EOS/Block.one Hackathon Winner Walk Away from EOS?
How can I create a unique deposit address?
A country's worth of power, no more! WOOOOOOOHOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
This is why we need blockchain. Stocks are being created out of thin air to drive prices down to bankrupt companies.
Elon Musk’s Twitter tirade starting the cryptopocalypse.. in order. He seems to know NOTHING. 🤪😜
Akita and shiba coin ftw!! Gonna hit pluto
Transferred ETH to the right adress inside the wrong network , please help!
$MOONPUG, still early! Soon to be on the move! Thanks Ethereum network for making it possible.
MOONPUG TO THE MOON, PUG
What is the minimum amount you’d have to invest in Etherum for it to eventually have any ROI?
NFT Standards
The people of Antigua make their country most crypto-friendly BCH
Proposal: Etherscan should also include layer 2 data
My binance account got hacked and I lost everything Please help : (
An airdrop for PPS coins tonight
GETH Help
Trust wallet giveaway
Should I transfer my BTC to ETH
Research paper: The impact of the Blockchain on the environment
Low hashrate with the second rtx 3060
Staking ETH...waiting for 2.0
Best time to buy
Is there a direct way for Polygon &gt; Optimism?
Hello everyone, Im a french student and as part of my research paper I am working on the impact of blockchain-related technologies on ecology. If you work in the field of blockchain, can you answer this survey please ? Thanks a lot!
Research paper: The impact of the Blockchain on the environment
Research paper: The impact of the Blockchain on the environment
New Nvidia RTX cards will artificially cut Etherium mining performance in half
White Paper vs Yellow Paper
A crypto social network
Can anyone send me $1 worth of xDai? In return, I will send you $3 worth of BNB on smart chain
Eth Staking
Which exchange is best for ETH
NVIDIA Isn't Done Making Graphics Cards ‘Less Desirable’ for Ethereum Miners
Considering that the merger of Eth 1 and Eth 2 may be coming in December. Is there a need for the EIP 1559 upgrade?
What is the most accurate mining calculator for GPUs?
Ethereum Cat Herders Update #44
How Vitalik turned memecoin speculation into $1 billion for charity
Buy, GPUMine &amp; HODL Ravencoin!
Arbitrum or Matic?
Gass fee
Can cardano overtake ethereum should i be worried?coz am all in ethereum
Dogcoin will rise, Elon Musk has come to a new explanation.
JUST HODL IT. #Elongate #share #upvote
Well done boys, this is what I call decentralization!
Any help!
Mining ETH still profitable?
#stardoge #xdoge 🚀🚀
Can someone mine my transaction?
anyone care to respond... lol
can anybody give me a rough estimate
EthHub Weekly Recap #165-166: VanEck files for ETH ETF, Tether reserve info, Uniswap v3, Bankless DAO, Maker Foundation returns MKR to DAO, Core dev apprenticeship program, Gitcoin’s plans to decentralize and Balancer v2
how does eip 1559 stop mev
How do i create an erc20 token and deploy it onto the mainnet?
"Ethereum is very attractive to both retail and institutional investors right now for several reasons: The supply reduction coming in July (known as EIP 1559), Ethereum 2.0’s promised move to POS later this year and high on-chain activity"
Etherium claim in telegram bot every 30 sec
Trading platforms
hello all ,
What is the job of a validator?
I am a crypto newbie and want to learn a bit more about ETH2.0 and staking
Algo now a serious contender to Ethereum? Thoughts?
Best javascript library for gas price estimation?
Spotify Playlists - (2 min read) earn FREE crypto by reading and tipping authors.
Is EtheriumLite legitimate?
Gamble with your crypto on this dApp casino that is fully decentralized and has integrated ChainLink's oracles to further decentralize its platform hence being provably fair (since it has on-chain bets) and secure. It offers 5 games, has a $450K jackpot and a $3K $ETH promo-active.
Why Ethereum Will Win Store of Value
For my a Ethereum family. Some forward thinking about post quantum protocols.
AllCoreDevs Update 003 is out 👀
Eth 2.0 Staking on Binance
Today Ethereum Crosses 4.5M ETH Locked in Beacon Chain (ETH 2.0. Phase 0)
Ethereum (ETH) Tokens to Migrate to Cardano (ADA) Seamlessly: Ground-Breaking Concept Unveiled. Is this good or bad for overall ETH ecosystem?
AllNodes Eth 2.0 Validator
I've been building a dashboard tracking Reddit crypto discussion, and just added a visualization tracking sentiment towards different coins. Check it out, and let me know if you have any thoughts or feedback.
The Richest Says DAPP AMA
Ternio and BlockCard Converge and Rebrand to Help Consumers Become 'Unbanked'
I like this, I'm buying the dip
What are Ethereum's enemies and do people sufficiently hate them?
Custom Image
this is the best sub
Ethereum 3.0 - A Roadmap to Zero Fees and Instant Transfers
Matic after 2.0
Don’t know which is worse...
Bit Concerned, Will it rise again
Is this card too low? ETH-Rx 580
What is the monetary policy of the 2.0 transition?
How will EIP 1559 affect the price of ETH?
Vitalik Buterin donates around $336 million to Longevity Research | Lifespan News
The flippening is real.
GUYS, Ethereum is about to blow!!
Geth node lags, freezes, and gets out of sync sometimes when performing [Imported new chain segment] writing new block
Sending crypto funds to Coinbase wallet
Americans show interest in Ethereum ahead of other countries
I sent a small transaction using my last transactions gas settings, from years ago, of 21 Gwei. Is there any way to cancel that transaction?
Looking for a partner to build a commercial real estate listing service dApp
Smart Contract question
4 things you should know about ‘DeFi’
Blockchain Trilemma: ADA, BNB vs ETHEREUM
Cardano to support migration of ERC-20 to ADA blockchain - how will this impact the ETH community?
Will the 32 ETH requirement for running a validator ever be reduced?
Need 50 cents
I buy and sell ether
Identity?
Potential arbitrage opportunity with Ethereum ETF's?
PSA: Kraken potentially eating deposits &lt;0.05 ETH (~$165)
Ethereum 2.0 upgrades explained in under 5 minutes
Should we panick yet?
Sorry Babe
Dan Harmon's Krapopolis To Be First Blockchain Animated Series
An overview of ERC and application layer standards with Anett Rolikova
Best Overclock/Underclock for GTX 1660 Super for mining (if its hynix memory). Core clock -500 Memory clock -502 Power limit 66-71 Temp limit 79
Ethereum to Reduce Energy Consumption by 99.95 Percent: Research
Ethereum Researcher Carl Beek describes the energy savings of the Ethereum transition to Proof of Stake
Hypothesis: Learning about Blockchains and smart contracts is an even great investment and opportunity.
Help Happy Doge Make Worl Better
How to build your own Ethereum Network
Every single dip we get after I went balls deep at 4k
Please. Can you help me?
Where to buy?
Should i buy and where?
You think someday we'll have something like uber, lyft but decentralized under the eth network?
Dodging a bullet: Ethereum State Problems
HELP NEEDED - URGENT
The Defiant's Definitive Guide to DeFi
BITCOIN MANIPULATION 2021 PART 2 - Wyckoff Distribution Theory for ETHERIUM
ETH Transfer From Ledger Live Fail
What is WETH? Is it ETH on xdai?
Are We In The Midst Of An Ethereum Supercycle?
Running a validator after the merge
Flippening? :)
Long Term Potential Of DeFi - Analysis
i need help with my phoenixminer
The First Ever Bitcoin NFT Auction Goes Live Today at ThisIsNumberOne.com. NFT's made with programmable Bitcoin from Chemical X, Fatboy Slim, Dave Stewart, Orbital and Cara Delevingne Will Make History Today!!! NFTs made with Bitcoin!! A historic day for Crypto!
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'Bear Season' before its swooped up!
Raw Rubber extraction from rubber plants
Joining the future.
Is there a way to create a blog on Ethereum blockchain much like Wordpress ? Pros and Cons ?
Just released! Two lifelong friends (an artist and a programmer) created an algorithm to convert art into a binary code. This has been the hardest and the most beautiful project I have been a part of. Happy to see the results being appreciated.
Follow me on BetFury. Let's hunt for Bitcoins together!Get an exciting experience on #1 I-Gaming platform with daily payouts!
Other types of ERC Tokens
Me (13), really wants to join school at sea. Need to fundraise. So taking a chance with some coins. Hoping they go to the moon 🌙
Hmmmm
ETH stacking participation is currently 12.3x lower than the average of the other 9.
Ethereum Network Revenue on Track to Eclipse Current Record
How does eth 2.0 prevent 51% stakeholders deciding to ignore a transaction?
United States, Germany, Turkey lead search interest in Ethereum
How does eth 2.0 prevent 51% stakeholders deciding to ignore a transaction?
How eth 2.0 prevent 51% stakeholders deciding to reject a valid transaction?
BTC, ETH, XRP, YFI, XMR, NEAR, SXP—Technical Analysis May 18
Hatred for Elon Musk knows no bounds
Good choice to get into ETH now ?
Scalability of eth?
A country's worth of power, no more! - Carl Beekhuizen
ETH transfer still pending after 12+ hrs...
Do we have a date for when eth 2.0 is happening?
Eth price 20% up one day 20% down the next WTF...
Recovering funds from contract without website
Crypto help
Who owns the Ethereum DAO?
Recover funds from LP
5 Places to Learn About Blockchain and Cryptocurrency for Free
Golem Network New ATH Provider count and 10k cores surpassed on the network!
Chiliz Has “To The Moon” Potential and a Legitimate Business
Ethereum Gas Prices HELP!!!!!
how to withdraw funds from ETH if there is an auto withdrawal in the wallet and I'm not the only one who has a private key?
All about SHIBA INU ! Is this a Doge Killer?
Nodes and downloading-storing Blockchain
Published an article on upcoming infrastructure changes in Ethereum and its effects on ETH tokenomics/ price (EIP 1559, Eth2, L2 Scaling)
Blitz Crypto Class - ERC20 - from Noob to dApps Dev in less than 5 minutes (early access available at request)
DeFi Platform DeversiFi Raises $5M in Bid to Scale Trading on Ethereum
If you are buying on an exchange and you are transferring to your wallet but the feed are too high hear me out
Confused about mining
Read This If You Want To Be The Part of The Rich List of XRP Coin
Here's a new eth based coin airdrop 60 yfin = 1 eth just go to the link and put your eth address thats it nothing else.
Latest NFT's from Superpolite - The Iris Series
Is MATIC the solution for ETH scaling problem?
Is it possible to get ahold of the source code behind the ERC-20 network?
repost from ETC
HURRY GET 500,000 SHIB FREE
The Ethereum Hunter | 3D Shortfilm
Noob here; try to transfer USDT with 22GWEI but takes forever
FREE PIZZA on Bitcoin pizza day this Saturday 22 May
Ethereum revenue is going to set a record huh? Here's what I think!
transaction stuck for days even with fast fees, tips?
ELI5: Decentralized exchanges and "presales"
Which ETH wallet to use ?
Best ETH Wallet
ETH Best Wallet
[Twitter] Keli Callaghan: "Congrats to our @Algorand community member recent success in demonstrating a synthetic asset that allows Algorand &amp; Ethereum to communicate with each other. #innovation #futurefi #buildingonAlgorand"
HELP ME
Read This If You Want To Be The Part of The Rich List of XRP Coin
Batch send ETH
Canadians can buy crypto via Newton App with NO FEES! Use this link and get $25 when you buy $100. https://web.newton.co/r/CMFOOS
How will ETH &amp; NFT influence the music industry?
0x2170ed0880ac9a755fd29b2688956bd959f933f8
The Future of Trading has arrived
It’s not often I disagree with Max Keiser but his latest pop cast stab at ETH is complete bollocks!
Dan Harmon’s Animated Series ‘Krapopolis’ To Be Created On Blockchain &amp; Sell NFTs In A First For Fox – Deadline (Doesn't say which Blockchain)
Taxman
Chris Skinner - Most Influential Man in Tech / The Cryptowriter Pocast #20
Ethereum Risks Further Decline If it Loses $3,200 Support
Transfer Ethereum from Luno to Binance.
2 dancers in costume – ultra rare 5/5
How do I use escrow?
Daily Discussion Thread
MEW &amp; Etherscan Question
Noob Question: Is Ethereum and other coins impossible to counterfeit?
Physical coin buying suggestions?
How's the ETH pair doing?...
is that good thinking?
END DAY  
Removed my investing apps off my iPhone...
They laugh now...
United States, Germany, and Turkey Rank High Among Countries Showing Interest in Ethereum
Dapp idea vaccine verification
Purchased my first bit of ETH today
need help with getting updates on crypto for a beginner - thank y ou
How to calculate liquidity of a token in a DEX?
Where can I get information about hyperinflation?
ETH for beginners?
The Recent Crypto Meltdown Is A Good Opportunity To Buy Ethereum
I am feeling empty
Effects on price
The end of Cryptocurrency
Thank god I sold out long time before crash.
Im not selling
Why It’s Easier To Succeed With The Top Ten Altcoins Than You Might Think
Best Doge Song
I’m $@&amp;%#ing not selling!
Let’s get back to the 4K days
The EthStaker Community Presents: The Road To Devcon 2021
Wow market cap went from 450 to 320CAD in billions… wow just wow
Who bought the dip today?
DeFi and The Beacon Chain
Future of Ethereum
Eth 2.0 Centralization
Cat
The establishment whales are coming for round 2. While I'm not terribly excited it will be a great boost.
Help
Yes the market crashed....it will go back up
They Don't Know What I Need…
BONES CLUB - NEW NFT PROJECT
BONES CLUB **NEW NFT PROJECT**
About the latest news regarding crypto...
Check out this #NFT for sale on Mintable! Pick up 'The Wild Flower' before its swooped up!
Just wondering how many ethereum people understand this comic? Vitalik vs Dogelon... this is some obscure humor #vitalik #ethereum #dogelon
How high can eth go??
Billionaire "WHITE TEE" ETH on OPENSEA
Transaction pending with no Gas
One of the biggest Crypto Mining store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
Staking on Coinbase
Which exchange for newcomers?
Announcing Charged Particles $IONX Token Generation Event
How many eTh devs are there? And what about the other layer 1s?
1:20 am in Germany, just called the Visa customer Service to raise my card limit, bought the dip. Don’t panic sell, those days are Opportunities 🙏🏻
Trying to get some ether but my bank only allows $800 a week I have coinbase does coinbase pro allow bigger withdrawals?
dip? Yes please. Crypto for the homeless celebrating pizza day/week!
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
Where to buy ethereum for long holds and low fees
Is that a bear out there?
If you're new to crypto, don't let the dip fake you out.
Anyone ? 😂😂
tether fake ?
Ethereum USP: is there a real link between Ethereeum blockchain app use and ETH price?
Just bought 2 ETH!
ALLCRYPTOALLTHETIME
Thank you Eth!
I can only laugh...
ENS confused user (new user here from reddit and ethereum but not bitcoin)
Will Ethereum get a highter Market Cap than Bitcoin?
Proof of stake consolidates power in the hands of the few — the old and the rich — exactly mimicking the real-world environment that Bitcoin was trying to overthrow.
💎 = ETH 🙌
China ban
Is crypto.com associated with China?
Large online gaming group adopts Ethereum for deposits and withdrawals
StockSwap - Investing reimagined
Unplugging HDMI lowers power draw by 30%
Looking at the ETH graph, are we now on the low before the final bull run like on Dec 27, 2017?
Legit 😂
Any idea on how to do this? Myetheriumwallet. Transfer funds to new wallet with private key
Ethquake
Welcome to the Dark Age my friends.
Forced liquidation?
Just sold my entire ETH position on robinhood.
Proof of Stake vs Proof of History? Can someone explain the difference to me and the pro/con?
This guy made a smart light that changes colors with Eth's Price.
The long term economics of the China ban
Eth in The Guardian
I know you are unable to sell or trade staked ether but if i stake my ether and then buy more will i be able to add more to that staked ether?
Check out my smart light that changes colors with Eth's price. A lil bit of code and a lazer cutter = the most distracting desk ornament!
Apparently this was all planned
China announces that financial institutions can no longer use cryptocurrency as a payment.
BUYDL
The market sell off sucks but at least Ethereum went down more
ETH short ladders?
Quests along the Road to Devcon
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
Buy that MF dip people.
Who all can upvote this?
He really Tyrant's Judgement the cryptocurrency market...
Rare Pizzas’ DAO Will Fund A 10,000-Pizza Party On Pizza Day | Chainlink Today
Mystery solved!
For those of you day trading crypto like Jordan Belfort instead of DCAing for your own sanity.
Doubt: 15000€ to invest. Should I buy 1 or 2 ETH and divide the rest on other altcoins? Which? Thank you guys!
useNft() 0.7: nft.owner, full Decentraland support
Slice and PizzaDAO Celebrate Bitcoin Pizza Day By Giving Away More Than 1BTC Worth of Free Pizza
Some fundamental Blockchain Questions
What’s the move?
CAN SOMEONE EXPLAIN
Turning fake money into fake money ETH to the moon and beyond
Our Point Exaclty
One of these things is not like the others...
market crash :(
Could ETH flip BTC when it becomes deflationary?? I see way more draw to ETH than BTC. Would love others insight as I am a semi-experienced trader (who does plenty of research). Thoughts??
Ok, guess I won't do that.
Gemini Vs Coinbase Vs Coinbase Pro in the US?
doge elon
ADOPTION: Waxed my bits and paid in ETH
This makes me wanna cry which I didn’t buy that much last week -_-
Does 99% more efficient energy usage seem like a major overstatement to anyone else? Can someone who understands the nuts and bolts verify or deny?
What’s all about ETH2?
ETH transfer not showing up
LiteBit ETH-Wallet maintenance
Ethereum fell to 2200$! Buying the dip
Starting Investing, what app to use to trade ETH stocks safely?
Flash transaction explanation from Binance
Ethereum About Scale and Cost Community Can't-Wait For Cheap Gas
Help me find the picture
China ban crypto #ETH drop
It's not much but it's honest work. Finally off the wait list!
Wild Wednesday: Crypto in full blown meltdown as inflation concerns roil equity markets
How can I buy ethereum with Paypal... at the age of 15?
Ethereum Foundation: ETH 2.0 will use 99.95% less energy
3 great crypto websites/resources for analysis!
BlockchainExplained.org launched last night and FAQs are being created now - (0 ads, 0 scams, 100% FAQs) - We believe we can provide helpful resources to new investors and reduce some of the friction when moving between fiat($) and crypto
Moon
Limit buying
If only it were this easy...
Pumpp in telegram!
Whoever’s doing hashtags like that deserves to be bought out
FOMO IS REAL!!!!!!!
Scaling Sorare on Ethereum with StarkWare
Ethereum fees today!
How do I participate in the Ethereum Network on my own?
I made an NFT
If you keep asking the eternal question "Is ethereum a good investment?", then this article is for you:
What are these “faucet” requests on Twitter?
HODL or sell?
This clown announced he went long AFTER a $700 rally , only a few peeps before that
Is this crazy? I am invested in ethereum
Buy, wait, or something else..
When the market is crashing and you can buy the dip again
Can someone explain to me what just happened here?
Am I lucky or do I run 😂
John Carvalho of the Biz podcast, NFTs &amp; gaming, $10 Billion on Bullish - To the Moon ep. 12
Can someone help me validate what's goin on here??
👇👇👇LETS TREND THIS 👇👇👇
This guy says not to make a joke out of crypto
On a serious note, if anyone needs someone to talk to, message me. Do not take your life over poor financial decisions.
Don’t buy Tesla anymore.
MeteorMan (AltCoin)
What causes different/variable ETH payout when having stable hashrates?
What causes dynamic ETH payouts when having steady hashrate
We holding!!?
Warning: Lost funds from metamask/etherscan glitch?
Overview of the basics of ETH and NFT from scratch to a level of investing confidently.
How to invest over 250 000 usd in crypto
Did I just get scammed by a trader???
Weeeeeeeeee!!!!
Bitcoin, ethereum plunge; crypto market cap losses nearly $1 trillion
Are you scared? When you don't know what to do, make a meme....
Zero Gas Price Transaction
BBBBuckklee upppp *sniff* wweee areee abbbout to launch *wipes tears from face*
Time to Invest?
Where did you buy the DIP
:-( dip
Ethereum cryptocurrency to slash carbon emissions
My mood right now
This is bigger than you
Ethereum need a strong public leader ?
Does Ethereum need a strong public leader ?
TURNING FAKE MONEY INTO FAKE MONEY #ROBOTSTONK
Will ETH drop below 1900 again?
Hey question if people are selling from China because they banned the use of it, and let’s say the rest of the world is holding, then wouldn’t this be the real price of the coins minus China?
Kings of Leon NFT
Any idea why this error keeps popping up? Googled it but cant find an answer.
Remitano
Hodl!! Don’t fold!! Together we stand! All dogs to the line till the end!!💰💰🌎🙏
Capitulation - The Daily Gwei #250
Why is Eth tanking rn?
ETH
digitalbureaucracy
Elon and crypto 🤯🤬
Paid of my Student loan and moving on.
Just trying to move a small amount of ETH. This is NOT the way.
HODL HODL HODL
Cause for Eth crash?
Just bought the dip with this app
Scared
You paper handed babies who are freaking out and selling are pathetic 😳🤣
Any significant difference between owning these 2? This is in TrustWallet btw. Any issues with having one instead of the other? Also how would I go about swapping Binance-Peg for regular Eth in TrustWallet. Any help is greatly appreciated.
How to get back to my ether wallet?
Researcher Suggests Ethereum 2.0 Will Use 99.95% Less Energy
I am hodling (copypasta)
Don‘t listen to Elon Musk go and buy your krypto now!!!
Is no one on here talking about the crash?
It will bounce back hard.💯
Bitcoin's drop below $40K triggers $3 billion in liquidations, putting it on track for its worst month in three years.
Good morning, America! Thank Asia for the superb discount prices 😍
Guess I'm buying the dip.
Ethereum Foundation: ETH 2.0 Will Use 99.95% Less Energy
Would have loved that dip. Coinbase pulled a fast one. 🤦🏽‍♂️ still down
What Eth 2.0 Validators Can Expect After the ‘Altair’ Upgrade
History record?
Crypto is King - fu elon
Gas prices are INSANE. I have never seen it this high
Down 26k in a week but I’m still not selling. Etherium to the moon baby! Be strong everyone.
Ethereum is down to 2000 per coin. What do you think about this? Should I hold? Is this just a turbulent time?
US gas shortage just hit ethereum
Dip
You paper handed babies are pathetic
Just a dip! I’m not worried at all as i staked all of it yesterday.
I- just wow.
How do I convert back my BETH to ETH with gains from staking? Will I lose all my ETH if I don't withdraw at a certain time after the completion of ETH 2.0 or its Phases?
Me looking at ETH discounted prices and BUTING THE FUCKING DIP! Goodtimes 💸
Who's ready to buy!
I thinking we found the perfect name for this dip!
When’s the dip going to end we’re down over 50% now in a week🤬
Mark Cuban - Billionaire Investor - Cardano Ethereum or Dogecoin?
Is there any place i can get like a fiver worth of ethereum?
Now's the time to invest, The markets are slowly but surely recovering slowly
Like fr? 😳
Why crash???
This Is How I Choose To See It
Future?
Need Reassurance?
Ether price
Plug Power - King of hydrogen
What makes Ethereum (2.0) so better than solana? A friend is asking
HUGGGEEEEEE LOSSS
ETH FOR MY DREAM &lt;3
Paid off my student debt and moving on.
What’s happening to eth
Should I start to invest in Small increments now?
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
A little bit of regret
IS ETHEREUM DOOM?
How come it even be "ok" for ETH to go down over 40% in 3 days?
Officially apart of Ethereum!!
Cant send ETH from Ledger to Kraken even when paying highest Gwei prices?
Is it because of mr musk, or why is ether going down this much?
Ark Investment has reported holdings of 639,069 shares in Grascale’s ETH Trust. Etherium fans have taken the investment as a bullish sign. Ark Investment also owns large holdings for Bitcoin.
Demystifying the Security Debate Around Layer 2 Scaling Solutions
Why is ethereum dropping so hard right now?
Loans.
Do you think ETH will dip more? it’s currently on 2.9k and I think this might me a good entry point!
Fud
I heard india is not going to ban crypto currencies
Working on Crypto Chat with payments, looking for feedback.
Missing ETH
Very simple step by step mining guide for beginners
Newbie
How do you guys think institutions/companies like Amazon, gov departments, other centralised entities will interact with Ethereum in the future?
ETH missing
Elon Musk Gets Schooled By Ethereum Co-Founder On How To Improve Dogecoin
Staking Ethereum on Coinbase in the UK. Please help.
r/bitcoin mods in a nutshell. Ethereum apparently a shitcoin.
Whats going on?
Ethereum (ETH) Tokens to Migrate to Cardano (ADA) Seamlessly: Ground-Breaking Concept Unveiled?? Will this hurt ETH, drive ADA price up?
Ethereum Name Service (ENS) - Design &amp; Execution
I’m so glad I’m not team Bitcoin!!!:)
Shiba and Akita token ftw!! Let’s go fellow builders!!
Dog coins to the moon let’s go!!! Can’t forget about little Akita token. I’m buying like crazy
i'm new to crypto, i bought eth at 3.1k, did i make a mistake ?
So many people panicking like we haven’t seen this all before...
Crypto market gyrations and ethrepreneurship
💧 Startup Farming of WaterDeFi makes farming more safe and profitably allowing to farm a variety of startup projects to earn a high APR 💲.
Can Governments interact with the Ethereum token?
How to Build a Cryptocurrency Exchange Platform like Coinbase in 2021 ?
Any good places that track circulating supply? And any estimates at what that will look like after London fork?
What the actual f*ck
Working on Crypto Chat with payments, looking for feedback.
Is it a good time to invest in ethereum as the price is low🤨
WILL ETHEREUM RISE AGAIN?
How to buy ethereum safely in Nigeria.
How does the Ethereum PoW algorithm verify the work?
TIME OF IMPORANCE
Is now the time
As long as humanity exists crypto will never perish!
Is ETH network down right now? Trying to move ETH from ledger live, it just won’t work for hours!
Would it be right to say that L1 will always be more expensive than L2?
Will Ethereum gas prices become cheaper later?
Panic sold my 2.5 shares of ethereum because I lost 75% shares of my return and I regretted selling it right away I wanna buy it back any advice on when to buy it back at a lower price? Or should I just buy back now?
Markets: Coinbase To Raise $1.3B From Bond Offering
Rx 580 Gaming x overclock &amp; undervolt need help not going well on Hiveos ??? Need Setting of RX 580 Gaming x and vbiose
Wtf is happening tonight?????
Limit irder
Is it over
Ethereum will use an estimated 99.95% less energy post merge
borrowing on ethereum platform
I see things are dipping...
How does one stake safely from Trezor?
Ethereum to reduce energy consumption by 99.95 percent, research suggests
🔥🔥😴😯😴🔥🔥
ETH Price Fluctuating like Roller Coaster
Ethereum Price Drop like Riding a Roller Coaster
About waves in the market
The next big moon is here Trustmoon
Not pain no gain
Daily Discussion Thread
You guys think it’s a good time to buy Ethereum now?
END DAY  
Litecoin: Is LTC Seriously Underrated?
Earning DeFi yield via Basis Trading
This dip makes me sad
What are your price prediction for the next week, month, and year?
Why Elon Musk doesn’t talk about Ethereum, explained in three sentences.
Teaser/Alpha dropped in Indexed.Finance discord - could be a couple things - 1st guess is a new Index
Insufficient funds
new shitcoins with only 100 trillion tokens and 20,000 marketcap be like
Best sites for staking ETH?
Just reminding you guys! (Crosspost)
Vitalik Rug Pulling Dog Tokens: A Hero? Or did he stir up a Hornet Nest?
Just reminding you guys!! ||(Crosspost)||
EIP-3074: AUTH and AUTHCALL opcodes
What is the best way to swap one ERC20 for another between two people?
Isomorphism in DAO Governance — Placeholder
Going for sale. S9 Antiminer machine. Can mine up to 1BTC with my special Hardware. Text (5754140370) for more info
Simple Withdrawal Credentials Rotation - Eth1-to-Eth2 Transition - Ethereum Research
Remember: Unlike the TradFi stuff, DeFi insurance is cheap, plug-and-play and can save your ass from getting rugpulled. Here's my interview with the CEO of Armor, a project that does exactly this. We also did a walkthrough through their platform! I'm not associated with them nor am an investor.
Sent ETH from Coinbase to ETH address. When it sent from CB transaction says sent Polygon to Polygon address. I can view the transaction on Either Scan. Transaction successful, shows me that the amount the token is worth. The line below that shows 0 Ether. I have tried every thing I can think of.
Staking with friends
Someone Just Moved Bitcoin Mined In February 2009!
MacBook Wallet
Proposal for an Annual Global Crypto Charity Day
Question about listing an ERC20 token
Vitalik’s take on government finance and his selfless charitable donations.. 🙏🏻
Warning: majority of cryptocurrencies are not private like many think
BTC ETH BNB PUMPING MARKET PUMPING UP WHALES maximizing GAINS THE BULLRUN CONTINUES BE CAREFUL HODL
Ethereum Meta
Anyone else happy they bought eth after that big dip?
Vitalik surrenders to Dfinity
Rinkeby Ether... can anyone help me out?
Does it really need to be called PoS, though?
I just created a guide on how to bridge ethereum to matic network! Let me know what you think!
Thoughts on other level 2 chains compared to 2.0
Who decide each transaction cost how many Gas?
Jangchub choeling Temple
Tron coin mining
The relationship between NFTs and IPFS
BitBoy predictions ETH
Rocket to The Moon !!
Gas fee for ETH - easy calc
Do you know what is really going on?
Powell drops bombshell: Fed to play 'leading role' in developing digital currencies
Coinbase seems to have eliminated the 40 ETH 2.0 staking limit.
Is it possible to generate a private key and an address with web3.py?
DEX Crypto Battle (Uniswap vs Binance)
referral code
NFT drop on Rarible, Title: Rhythm, Check it out
I think ethereum is trying to give a signal to the paper-hand critics of Ethereum.
Listen up, guys! Only 4 days left until our airdrop ends! We have given out most of our 500.000 USD worth of tokens, so hurry up to grab yours! All you need to do is to share our platform on social media and we will reward you with our tokens. That's it! https://optionsmarket.io/airdrop
Ether Hands - VR NFT
Totally missed the last dip as entry point, price looks bloody unpredictable !!! What should one pay attention to get a minimal idea of what is going on?
Yesterday...
Jack Dorsey on Twitter says PoS is less decentralized &amp; less secure. Thoughts?
converting Emax into ETH
Announcement
What is gas price ?
Best app for ethereum staking??
Did we just get screwed ? Yesterday they said China banned crypto Today they say China didn't ban crypto? https://www.reuters.com/article/us-crypto-currency-china-idUSKCN2D11MI
Fractional NFTs – Are there standards to protect buyers?
Does anyone here know anything about #GameFi??? What is it lol
The Tax Implications of ETH 2.0
Will ETH be the first PoS coin?
IM WITH YOU @Stevewilldoit
SHIBA INU rock n roll everybody
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
Would you have participated in ethereum if it began as a Proof Of Stake coin?
Thank god for PayPal?
Actual picture of me yesterday
If you have already bought the dip what is your buy the dip the next time price?
Need help creating an online store accepting all sort of Cryptos
Pending / lost eth
Seriously
What should I buy with 200€ just Bitcoin or also Ether?
US Treasury Calls for Stricter Cryptocurrency Compliance
ETH 2.0 trade offs
Beyond ETH: Marlin gateway and relay now available for Polkadot
Is Ethereum a smart investment and is it the time to get in?
Off the waitlist after only a week! :D
What Caused Ethereum Blood Bath ?
I think this puts everything into perspective. If you gave up in 2016 (86% drop) you prob have been hating yourself for 5 year straight. Highs just keep moving up
UPDATE: Vitalik Buterin's ETH donation to longevity research (X10 #Shorts)
optimistic Etherscan
Charged Particles &amp; Polygon Partnership
Could someone explain me the differences between data sharding and application sharding?
Bought ETHERIUM classic by mistake
Absurd FOMO
Reccomended crypto platform for beginners!!!
India is expected to propose a law that bans crypto and fines traders
Learning to code Solidity
The Most Beautifully Executed Scam?
Looks like GPU Prices will be normalizing in a few months.
BSC-BEP-20
Mistake with ETH. I used BSC/BEP-20
U.S. Treasury calls for stricter cryptocurrency compliance with IRS, says they pose tax-evasion risk.
How to generate a unique deposit address?
Can high ETH fees be used to front run trades?
$LOF - 6M market cap - 30k Holders. SMALL CAP GEM 💎with REAL utility &amp; COINSBIT listing TOMMOROW.💸💸😱NEXT 10.000 INVESTORS GET REWARDED 💰
Ethereum is "Picture of the day" on Unsplash website
Mistake with ETH. I used BSC/BEP-20
Intrinsic value of coins like ETH
Coinbase pro saying I have insufficient funds when I try to buy crypto even though my bank is account IS linked???
We will most likely see GPU prices normalize in coming months.
Smart Contract Question
Over $800 billion wiped from the global crypto market after bitcoin crash
Adios
Eth vs btc
Etherium Wyckoff Distribution
Vitalik Buterin Says There's "Big Risk" That Bitcoin Will Get Left Behind
Byebye
New miner, presented with an opportunity to acquire a miner with these specs, good deal or not? 8 X Nvidia GTX 1070 SC video cards, mining motherboard, 1300 watt 115 volt power supply, and a SSD. Celeron processor and 8GB of memory I think. Hashing at 218 reliably. Selling for $4,350
How is “shaking out a whale” possible?
Can I stake ethereum without keeping it on an exchange?
Should i using different entry price in ethereum or should i lumpsum put in?? I now got around 3k usd capital anyone can share some idea? i’m newbie to cryptoworld 😎😎
The Future of Crypto or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying About What Coin is 'Best'
Top Cryptocurrency 2021 By Value: Bitcoin, Ethereum, or Dogecoin | The Real Asset
How high can Ethereum go in 2021? – Here’s what analysts are saying - Youth Investment Group
greetings
Curious about staking ETH with the ANKR platform? Great information here on the basics, how it works, its future, and what makes it different (and in my opinion better).
The Crypto Market CRASH | EVERYTHING YOU NEED TO KNOW
Do you know what is really happening?
😂
Yeg West coasting - West Coast Yeg | OpenSea
To y’all that didn’t buy the dip lol
If anyone wishes to diversify (some) of crypto portfolio into 'safe harbour' investment and like to discover truth about precious metals then.
Telegenic ethereum miner
Ethereum Energy Efficiency PoS - Article Review From Developers. ⚡(Ep.53)
Is ETH Bullish Trend Still Intact?
Aswath Damodaran, Professor of Finance at the Stern School of Business at New York University, Strongly believes that Ethereum (ETH) has a greater possibility of becoming a commodity than Bitcoin (BTC).
Are there any miners with long term stat tracking?
More and More 'Normies' of Finance are Getting ETH-pilled -- Bloomberg
fill your bags before we hit 5 digits
Great....here's hoping my staked eth is enough to repair this in 2 years lmao
I’m new to investing- what is the best value buy for ethereum and since the market is now recovering what price is it safe for me to buy at. I’m not a very risk taking investor
Federation Newsletter
What is Gas Price?
The DeFi Yield Farm That Aims to Propogate Privacy in Crypto and Beyond
This community has values and a soul
What is Web3? The Decentralized Internet of the Future Explained -- freecodecamp.org
Exclusive: The 27-year-old behind ethereum isn't surprised by the crypto crash
SignUp For DeFiSummer ☀️🌊🏆​🌏
What’s your say y’all?
The Day After - The Daily Gwei #251
Validator hardware
What’s your say y’all???
hello my friend was in some random giveaway for crypto and apparently won 3.3 eth, the discord bot told him some instructions to go to “briwexbit.com” is this real or fake and if real can someone help us how to transfer
Tutorial for staking on own (remote) server?
According to Prof. Damodaran, ETH has a stronger ⚡️upside story than bitcoin does. Moreover, ETH will be a better lubricant of those blockchain transactions in the distant future.
I was sent 2 eth, but I can't get them - is this a fraud or not?
What is the hi Dollar? Watch this. Join HI here: Hi.com/joinhi
Teach em early, going up folks
Donate Crypto
When the pow will end, according to the latest news?
MoonshotMonday - LOFcrypto- 24k Holders/7 Days!
o3 Token o3swap comparison with UNI Uniswap Token - Future Price Prediction August 2021
I'm a total noobie but the idea that was placed in my head was exactly the same as the post refers too! "ETH is a superior technology than bitcoin"
Learn the Tech to avoid FUD
ETH begins its recovery after disastrous flash crash
Back to the good ole 4K days 🚀💰💰💰
Just a joke...
Is there a way to track down the coinbase exchange's wallet address on etherscan?
Hmm
Not enough liquidity for wBTC to swap for BTC
Bitcoin And Ether Consume The World, So Rainy Days Aren’t Rainy To Me — The Illuminist
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
Me last week vs me today because of crypto
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds. A guy was disappointed in Elon Musk and burned his poster
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds. A guy was disappointed in Elon Musk and burned his poster
Cryptocurrency exchange Bybit launches Ethereum futures contract and mining service
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds.
How Justin Sun Almost Caused Ethereum To Drop Below $1,500
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds.
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds
The hatred of Elon Musk knows no bounds
Hey Friends. I wanna share a brand new Blockchain startup called „HI“ with you. „HI“ a revolutionary banking service that is co-founded by superstars from Alibaba, Morgan Stanley, and Bitcoin.cōm. It takes two seconds to sign up and claim your reward: 👉 hi.com/Joinhi
Eth Staking Rewards
What should I read up on before trying to contribute code to ethereum?
ETH Staking
we need client dominance well under 1/2 to merge safely
Miners: what comes next?
Fun tokenization news
Fund tokenization news
https://www.ledgerinsights.com/allfunds-project-to-tokenize-fund-shares-accepted-into-spanish-sandbox/
Allfunds project to tokenize fund shares accepted into Spanish sandbox
Allfunds project to tokenize fund shares accepted into Spanish sandbox
Ethereum Down 40% In A Week, Here’s Why ETH Could Recover
Sent ETH using wrong blockchain
😱 Bitcoin falls '30%'after Musk's comments and China's warning
NYU's Aswath Damodaran argues Ethereum has a better chance of becoming a commodity than Bitcoin
0xcert burned 131437868 ZXC today
Early 2018 all over again. Down we go...
Understanding about Ethereum is growing in subreddits
Ethereum cryptocurrency to slash carbon emissions
What split ratio should I have between BTC and ETH?
Ethermine VS Nicehash (Noobie Here!)
Dappscape pre-release access
Dont get the panic ...here in Austria everything looks good
Don't worry, ETH is still a thing in year 2086, the documentary series Galaxy Rangers says
Want to know which NFTs are fetching the highest prices? Check out this site we made!
BETH
Why are all the ETH tokens overvalued compared to the same ones on BSC?
Bringing ERC20 to Cardano
Is it safe to hold ETH in Trust Wallet on BEP2 chain?
How are you earning passive income on your eth? Defi vs Cefi
Ethereum Will Reduce Energy Use by 99.95% With PoS
Pi token free coins
Etherum 2.0
Daily Discussion Thread
Percentage drop in assets
If the apocalypse comes, beep me.
Ethereum cryptocurrency to slash carbon emissions | Cryptocurrencies
Going crazy and put all my RRSP in ETHX, how bad is it?
How does ethereum based Token bridges work?
Meebit NFT incident analysis and PoC exploit
Whats a good amount to put in
BETH
My crypto gains today
I made up my own wallet address and mew logged me in !!
ethereum upgrade eip 1559
High network fee
How do L2s and sidechains affect the price of Ethereum?
How to mine ether
Just hit 1 ETH
Late to the Revolution
END DAY  
Recommend me a book to learn about Ethereum 🙌🏼
Be careful new crypto users. History shows that the bear markets last longer than you would think. Eth will recover however the Moderators of eth trader don’t like being debated. Stay safe out there.
How to value Ethereum?
can you imagine
5 dollar paypal for ethereum trade
the almighty reddit forum! can someone send 4 dollars to my ethereum address?
What do you expect of ethereum for the next years?
What does the Eth community think will happen over the next month? Interesting poll results so far. What are your thoughts?
Someone please tell me what is NFT?
Genuine question: How is it not centralization in consensus if a few staking pools end up being the majority?
Thank you all! And laddies and gentlemen, we got em!
yeah :/
Enterprise Ethereum Alliance has a ponzi scheme as one of its members and should be removed from ethereum.org
Me buying the dip...
Wallets supporting ERC-721
Can anyone tell me why all crypto’s look just alike 🤔🤔
Best crypto wallet?
Van Damme HOLD
Do we want the value of ETH to go up?
Can't stop buying...it's like digital crack
How much further down?
Please can anyone help explain what happened to my missing ETH. Transferring from Uphold to Kraken. Transfer amount was meant to be 0.99560 ETH after fee but only 0.97678 ETH arrived. This transaction in the middle skimmed some off - any ideas?
Orion protocol is the first to emerge BSC into its trading terminal. It is currently built on Ethereum and Binance Smart Chain. Under the process to integrate Cardano, Polkadot, Fantom, and more.
How did I miss the dip?!
Seeking theories and opinions on GME and crypto connection
PizzaDAO Celebrates Bitcoin Pizza Day With 1M Slice Giveaway
That damn dip
I suppose this is halving that I heard so much about?
Natural Growth after a burn
Seeking a grant, you don’t have to give though
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Another day of ETH FUD
Can we have a mature discussion about Ethereum vs Hedera Hashgraph?
Things You Need To Know To Create a Successful Career In The NFT Industry
Crypto App
Ethereum $1400 crash. This is next.
Which Proof-Of-Stake consensus proceeses is Ethereum using.
should i invest now on ethereum?
Central Banks
Fastest blockchain in the world
Ouch
Charles Hoskinson on crypto beginnings, important watch
Any update on EIP-1559? I haven't heard much recently.
Is slippage more likely to happen with lower gas fees?
If your feeling down about the price do this
JMbullion now accepts ETH
China CCP just bought large quantities of Bitcoin!!!
Is the Kovan Testnet trustworthy?
Read this and you will never sell your BTC
Anyone have an ETH swap pending for over an hour? Will it eventually clear? (Ethscan showing pending)
Vitalik Buterin Freakily predicted the future
British MP says Ethereum ‘flippening’ is taking place, calls for a ‘safe space’ for crypto
I made this Ethereum collage that represents the largest CC’s in the Eth network. Link in comments.
Eli5 what is a gas and why it so huge for a one transaction ?
Bitcoin runs without Satoshi. Can Ethereum run without Vitalik?
Binance-Peg XRP and Binance-Peg Ethereum with TrustWallet in U.S.
Bridging Ethereum and Tezos with WRAP protocol - Free WEBINAR May 26
Earth's satellite Dogecoin
Optimism vs Arbitrum
r/ethereum
Why Cryptocurrency Is Crazy—Like a Fox
the biggest sales?
Lecture on economics marketing for world 🌎 trading and stock exchange 📈 via Forex trading on trading platforms
Coinbase
Rep. Himes (D-CT) on bitcoin: There isn't going to be legislation passed 'anytime soon'
when are u selling your ethereum?
Ethereum “Competitors”
0.00 VALUE
USHIBA TO ETH
This is by far the my worst week in crypto I’m down 1500usd any one with some kind words of encouragement :/
Are you 🙌🙌💎💎???
Did i just lose all my Eth?
When the crypto is down support me at https://ko-fi.com/sizzlebird
Tired of the "bubble" argument
Stop the correlation, everything about eth is better than Bitcoin but it won’t take off ! Bitcoin drops eth drops bit rises eth rises. Eth won’t get out of bitcoins way and continues to stay at 6 percent of bitcoins worth. So annoying
Noob question
How to P2P swap trustlessly?
To stake or not to stake?
What Are the Disadvantages of the Ethereum 2.0 Update?
POS profitability ?
Are you still holding??
2 types of passive crypto mining I've found you can use on your phone
Forging ETH in PoS bellow 32ETH
Forging ETH in PoS bellow 32ETH
Feeling the trend
Chinese are manipulating the market right now.
Just traded all my DOGE for more ETH
V'ktalik Buterin - Wait for It feat. Terry Crews
BuidlGuidl v2 is live!
Is volatility still relevant for well established coins like BTC and ETH?
Im in
Ethereum bullmarket start and the big correction in May | Timeline manipulation
IRA
How I feel when I wake up and see red on the market
Aping into DeFi and NFTs with Andy Chorlian and Tarun Chitra
Vitalik Buterin Freakily Predicts the future
Buy The Dip !!!
I CBDC You - The Daily Gwei #252
An ERC-20 Token with Monetary Value, and NO GAS.
Discussion on Etherum by Vitalik Buterin - TechCrunch - Disrupt 2017
Crash
Bullish on Ether (ETH) not Bitcoin, UK Parliament Member Mentions the Flippening
Dual 3060's showing one with locked hash rate at 26MH/s and the other at 48MH/s. Nothing seems to solve the issue.
My ETH and BNB were fraudulently sent to a unknown address...
How to add categories in Apple Mail App in just a few clicks ? How can you add mailbox or create categories within 4 to 5 clicks ? Learn now ...#apple #applemailbox #mailbox
Blockchain.com
The flippening mentioned on UK Parliament floor! People are finally understanding Ethereum
Ethereum is a platform
Amit Rana on Twitter
Vitalik says that BTC might be left behind due to its vast energy usage
EVM PoS
Buy the first NFT based ad network!
Looking to sell first NFT based ad network
Im in
[Warning] There is a scam email circulating about Uniswap V3 token Migration.
👀
New to mining
How to Build an NFT Marketplace?
How to Mine Ethereum | 2021 Guide
Ethereum Classic
Ethereum to dramatically change the technology underpinning its cryptocurrency
I lost 2k in this recent drop. Anyone lost more to help me feel better 😂
British Member of Parliament: Ethereum Will Flip Bitcoin
Buy simba inu!
The Fed this summer will take another step in developing a digital currency
PSA: Hiveon Pool are stealing your Ethereum coins
How to Build Fundraising Token like SafeMars
HOW TO AVOID INCURRING MUCH LOSSES IN THE MARKET?
Has anyone tried creating NFTs with Rarible's RARI token? What's your experience?
Top selling cryptocurrency course on Udemy for absolutely free! Just watched this course and thought to share it to yall :P
So tell me have anyone heard about it, it's been on top of my youtube main page. Is it legit?
Limit buy suggestions 🤔
DOWN BAD ON ETH, ASKING QUESTIONS
ETH ads bot on telegram
Eth fund recovery
1/3 Attack on PoS?
Ethereum Airdrop
Just bought my 1st ETH!!! Proud to be part of this group! Looking forward to seeing the future!
HURRY WHILE ITS FREE! LIMITED FOR TOP 10K USERS ONLY Claim your free blockchain NFT here its a blockchain play to earn game like Axie Infinity don't miss this opportunity https://upvir.al/ref/Sq56381912 https://upvir.al/ref/Sq56381912 https://upvir.al/ref/Sq56381912
Shrimpy: Introducing a Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Resource Center
What comes first?
M10 NFT The next X1000 Token on the market
I made a video summarizing my understanding of Ethereum, let me know if I got it right?
💸 Landshare leverages the power of blockchain technology to create a new way to invest in real estate available to all people💲.
Can someone explain these ? How are these changes so high and how do we know about these beforehand ? Im new lol
Can someone explain these ? How are these changes so high and how do we know about these beforehand ? Im new lol
Everyone who bought ETH using trust wallet this is important, we need 2FA
Coinbase 'connection problems' just when you're about to make great transaction
Hello! Please do direct me to another subreddit if this isnt the right subreddit to discuss what I'm gonna say, sorry!
Is the ether network congested right now?
Hey guys I run a cryptocurrency clothing store, I’ve just launched an ethereum collection. Free shipping check it out link in comments :)
Vitalik Buterin Says He’s “Very Confident” Ethereum (ETH) Fees Will Drop
Etherscan.io Tutorial: How to Check Ethereum Transactions &amp; ETH Wallet
Need a little eth to draw out money
👉 DragonBite is created to disrupt the loyalty market with innovative business models and technologies😊.
Institutional investors bought more Ethereum than Bitcoin last month
Please help me about ERC20 itself
Why does Metamask password reset takes so long?
Anybody else worried about the security decrease that comes with Eth 2?
USDT (ERC20) transaction stuck, seems not the fee issue
No cuda capable device detected error
What trading platform should I use?
Ethereum Approaches Next Major Break, $3K Is The Key
Elon Musk or China is not a problem with bitcoin or other strong cryptocurrencies.
What's your move on ETH today?
What Is A Smart Contract? Explained To: a Child, Teenager, College Stude...
Daily Discussion Thread
¡Detenga la obstrucción! Cortador de pelo para desagüe de bañera
This is the Way
Elon three ways – ultra rare 1/5
Staking?
When will the Ethereum migration to Proof-of-Stake (PoS) consensus be completed?
My community wanting to send me 0 i'm sorry i'm miserable i'm really poor so i can't charge them😢🙏🙏
Are the business applications of ETH that unique?
Are the business applications of ETH that unique?
Quickest way to get ETH into MetaMask?
Bitcoin wallet, ETH wallet, password cracking, password recovery, password retrieval
Professionally provide various coin wallet password retrieval services, you can privately message me in the site
Bitcoin wallet, ETH wallet, password recovery, password retrieval
Bitcoin wallet, ETH wallet, password cracking, password recovery, password retrieval
END DAY  
Free Ether Literally
"The Amazon Of Information": Goldman Initiates On Crypto, Sees Ethereum Overtaking Bitcoin
Casino using crypto coins?
Casino using crypto coins?
What are the benefits of 'sharing' a computer?
DeFi on Web 3.0 Creates More Earnings Opportunities
Answered a question on another ETH sub, thought it might be useful here too.
VERY NEW
Shorting Tether (USDT)
This is serious man, let me hear you say to the moon 🌚
In recent days bought 1/2 of an ETH. Maybe I should just buy a full one in one shot!
Is Phoenix miner the best eth miner?
What are some resources where I can learn more about blockchain and the core protocol?
What’s going on w voyager? I need to sign into my account snd it says it’s gonna send me an email?? For some IOS verification. Makes no sense
Help with Trust wallet collectibles
Biggest risks to Ethereum?
Staking Ethereum
Is clawback escrow something that Ethereum can implement?
How long will we go??
Su Zhu and Kyle davies are manipulating retail into buying their bags... in this vid I lay out my case for why you shouldn't be buying crypto and ETH right now. If anyone has any points to make on the subject I would be excited to hear.
Hurry up and do up
Mist Wallet 29 words seed/password
Xrp bridge to Ethereum network
I have 3k in etherium and it just makes me sad every day
Prediction S8 E14
What's been a coin with the biggest market cap that has failed?
QuickSwap 5/19-5/26 Reward Pools
Must read
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
InsurAce is a leading decentralized insurance protocol providing reliable, robust, and secure insurance services to DeFi users.
Anyone want to give me some ETH? 0x3691418E1840409C1b5759EC111C0E3a3Db3d6be
This quote gave me chills
Here is the daily candle for top cryptos. Virtually identical... So much for a free market.
Help a Brother out!!! I bought at the Ath 4000
This is your “free market”. Top cryptos right now
I’ll admit I bought the top
Bitcoin Casino,Unlimited Faucet and Auto Dice, Top Crypto Casino
My daily struggle
eth
Listen guys!
The PizzaToken Foundation dropped its first collection of digital pizza NFTs for Bitcoin Pizza Day! We're gonna put pizza on the moon!
Please suggest some alternative blockchains that has use cases other than payment
Please suggest some alternative blockchains that has use cases other than payment
DOGECASH - The Doge is now the Master (node) ONLY 21M 15M SOLD OUT !!HURRY
hp omen mining rtx3080 problem
hp omen rtx 3080 MINING PROBLEM
Bitcoin came a long way, Let all crypto currencies/assets rise to such greatness! 🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀🚀💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎💎✊ Lets not hate on each other’s investments but support it!
Dumb Question
why my pool is 0 mh/s
why my eth pool is 0mh/s
Using Ethereum to validate donations to a nonprofit?
This is how I look at the moon after buying more and more ETHs and reading more confirmation bias :)
DEFI 100 scam the entire cryptocurrency community and similar projects they are DOGECOIN, SAFEMOON, CATECOIN, ELON, AKITA, SAFEMARS and possibly shiba. Be very careful with your money
“Invest in ethereum” they said, “you’ll make money.” they said
How many of you bought in at over 3.6k?
Bitcoin, Ethereum prices drop after China reiterates ban on crypto services
Bitcoin, Ethereum prices drop after China reiterates ban on crypto services https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnet.com/google-amp/news/bitcoin-ethereum-prices-drop-after-china-reiterates-ban-on-crypto-services/
A smart contract coin that tracks ETH 200 day moving average?
Is this legitimate or scam?
Is there a lightning network version of ethereum?
How low will Ethereum Layer 2 solution fees be?
Need some info on ETH Mining
These Amazing Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Crypto
Crypto
ICE Age (time bomb) has been deployed ?
🚀 Made a new logo for $eMax since their official one sucks. Had some time to kill while waiting for blastoff! (Note: not involved in this project, just an enthused HODLer)
Join our DIAMOND 💎 HANDS community link down below
"How to send an email - 1984" Ethereum is currently in the same stage of life as the internet during the 80s. Imagine what blockchain will be powering in 30 years.
Can someone explain to me the utility of this coin?
FREE PIZZA TODAY on Bitcoin Pizza Day. Check RarePizzas.com for more detail. Take a look RarePizzas &amp; Base64ART collaboration on OpenSea 10h left.
Compilation of useful Crypto Trading / Economic news Telegram channels
The sub keeps me sane
Seasons in the abyss
Controversial Opinion: USD boots on ground vs Crypto[InsertNameHere] troops on ground
The idea of a decentralized government, formed by competing decentralized parties, would be a generational landmark in human evolution.
Should I DCA or buy the current dip?
Don't you need miner consensus to adopt PoS? If so, why would miners agree to this?
Eth-based social media startups?
Apple Ipad Pro vs Apple Air comparison, Prices and Manymore 2021. Learn the comparison of Apple Air 2021 and Apple Ipad pro 2021 now ... #apple #appleipadpro #appleair
banksocial
Is it possible to mint NFTs on Polygon L2? How?
Ethereum was worth $207.30 on this day last year.
Amit Rana on Twitter
Ethereum could surpass Bitcoin, according to Ethereum founder – AronBoss
I was dreaming in my dreaming Of an aspect bright and fair And my sleeping it was broken But my dream it lingered near In the form ...Upon the meek the graces shower It’s decreed the people rule The people have the power The people have the power The people have the power The people have the power
Blast Off. 💎
Wrong network sent from trust wallet
Ethereum will dramatically cut its carbon emissions
According to market cipher,
Elon, so we love you
Coincidence! I don't think so 🚀🚀
Earning Interest on Ethereum
Musk should push Ethereum as all his fans use their GPU to mine with and would use their gains to purchase his vehicles.
Existential Challenges of Dapp Builders
Fiat withdrawal made, money never received
Is this a good time to buy?
How to Create Your Own Synthetic Assets
Indian crypto exchange apps are monopolizing for the riches... very openly
Transaction Not Seen in Ledger Live
Quis custodiet ipsos custodes? (I am bound to hurt some feelings. Even the very soul of some people who I consider generous and well-intended)
ETH targets $1600 on a daily closing below 100-day SMA
How to get FREE PIZZA TODAY on Bitcoin Pizza Day
Get insights on on-chain data with chainxai
Yeah, right ... Check Spiderman Comics, Elon..
Tally = Start(Precision)/EVM: arbitrary precision arithmetic library on the Ethereum Virtual Machine
Change matcha spending limits in MetaMask?
China crypto players shrug off Beijing's latest crackdown
Can miners reject merge of beacon chain and mainnet?
Any practical Python use cases out there in the ethe world or layer 2s like Mattic?
My microwave supports ethereum!
Just leaving this here.
Click &amp; relax
Blockchain.com Account got hacked, lost all my ether. Two-factor authentication, authentication by email, wallet ID / password never changed. How is this even possible?
I got this awesome gift yesterday. 🥰🥰
ETH got stolen to this address below
INSANITY is the catalyst for GREATNESS
Is ETH going down even more?
RED ALERT: China just blocked access for many Defi applications
Albania support crypto payments. Now you need license to produce. Who is the next state now?
Albania accept Bitcoin payments. Who is the next state now?
Post-Correction, Ethereum Remains One of the Best Cryptos to Own
Ethereum max drawdown from peak?
Does the Future of NFT Lie in Financial NFTs?
Ethereum buy wall on Binance
Eip 1559 - why burn? Why not just not have a base fee?
When you're in the mood but Crypto has your heart. Original Content
1970 Checy c20
Needle by Needle Selfportrait – ultra rare 5/5
Daily Discussion Thread
Need Help
Can Someone please help me with this.... this is my first time ever seeing an Error like this
It does not matter how high or low the price is.
KityCoin waves “Hi”
Can other people see if a wallet is staking?
Stock market powered by smart contracts
Nasdaq, but like... decentralized
need help recovering coins from wrong address
Ethereum transactions are getting stuck. Any tips?
Do you think that crypto people are already prepared to leave the interaction only with computers and go to the real world?
Crypto God
Spacedog Coin 🔥🔥🔥Spacedog, a token created by Musk supporters, aims to provide a permanent support for Elon Musk's Mars migration program. www.spacedog.dog
Will ETH hit 10k?
END DAY  
[Question] What is the best Linux distribution for working on Etherium dApps with an M1 (arm x64 processor) Macbook Air using Parallels?
I need more to help myself with rent so I don’t get evicted
Paper hands
Polygon vs ethereum chain lending
How to buy a dip technically
The year is 2030 — Earth (Ethereum)’s population has now been completely migrated off planet (Layer-2), with Earth becoming exclusively the security for these new colonies (the Global Settlement Layer)...
Advice
CNBC took a famous moment 'calling the bottom', and now has made an NFT out of it on Ethereum
The flippening!
Joinnnn now big pumpp upcoming🚀📈🆙
Charlie Bit My Finger sold on ETH blockchain. Why no lambo?
Gas Fees in Metamask
Question about Gas Fees in Metamask
Is doing nothing but holding a valid strategy?
Advice
Lows to $1300s USD in coming weeks?
SOME PRESSURE OFF? Nobel Laureate Paul Krugman Quits Predicting Bitcoin's Demise, Now Says BTC 'Can Survive Indefinitely'
Bogdanoff and Chad share a drink.
Can someone help me understand the value in ETH tokens instead of just ETH/ETH 2.0? I’ve been in crypto for 4 years but I’m having trouble understanding the utility of the tokens. Are they working projects? Scams? I can’t decipher between good/bad. If anyone has advice that would also be helpful.
Took advantage of dip, dumped some Doge and now I'm at 1 ETH!
A group of close friends are trying to start our own staking service and run at least one node. Anyone have some real advice that has been through the start up process?
Will I have to do anything to my ETH in cold storage before the hard fork this year?
At what point does a “dip” become a “crash”
Bear Market Strategy
Current market status
Hold strong guys 😭
Anyone got any spare change to help a guy buy the dip? I lost all mine in the crash of 21’
Ethereum culture: how do we toughen up to handle the rough weeks better?
New Drop .05 ETH "Pear of Anguish" take a look at my gallery to read more about this device (;
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News!
"Adult" activity in crypto to boost mass adoption?
Poll
How to invest in rollups?
The story of our lives right now!
Tell me the best truck you love without telling me, Tesla.Inc Asked ! Leave your answer at the site and also see people reactions on this post ... #cybertruck #tesla #tesla.inc #elonmusk #dogecoin
Canadians can buy crypto via Newton App with NO FEES! Use this link and get $25 when you buy $100 &gt;&gt; https://web.newton.co/r/CMFOOS
Is there a set block number for the London fork?
I finally own 1 Ethereum, i hope to own 10 one day
Tethering an ERC 20 token
Tethering an ERC 20 token
Can anyone please tell me the reason this transaction is still pending?
https://www.reddit.com/r/Bitcoin/comments/njclh1/dont_panic/?utm_source=share&amp;utm_medium=ios_app&amp;utm_name=iossmf
A few questions about lending/LP/staking
ETH 2 am I doing it right?
Ether to Shiba to trust wallet
1st NFT that offers free proper pizza to the owner everyday for the rest of their life
Ethereum FREE Giveaway RACE TO 950 subs
These Fantastic Necklaces are FREE for a Limited Time! Check them out
Don't panic! 🌊
At least the miners are making money! Data collected by The Block Research shows that as of May 23, ETH miners have hauled in some $1.93 billion in revenue.
Wtf!? 🙌💎?
Vitalik just shot back at Elon Musk on Twitter! "Can you really, as Elon Musk wishes, "speed up block time 10X, increase block size 10X &amp; drop fee 100X" without leading to extreme centralization and compromising the fundamental properties that make a blockchain what it is? "
The Limits to Blockchain Scalability - Vitalik Buterin's educational text on the scaling debate
Safety of Ethereum at current prices + EIP-1559
The Limits to Blockchain Scalability - Vitalik Buterin answers Elon Musk in an educative post
Ethereum is going to become pretty insecure at current prices + EIP-1559
Transaction Cancellation and Aftermath
Is Coinbase a good place to hold my Etheruem, or should I withdraw it to a wallet?
Transaction Cancellation and Aftermatg
Looking for an entry into ETH
I need someone to hold my hand like a 5 year old real quick
Are u brave enough ?
I’ve seen some misinformation spreading on Coinbase staking/FDIC protection for ETH2.0 that needs to be addressed.
Stuck in ether can someone trade eth with me?
Is staking ETH on Coinbase safe?
Ether slips beneath $2K for the second time in seven days
Apes 🦍 hold
Help me understand please
This new ETH logo!
💎🙌🏽
Are simple Eth transfers implemented as a smart contract?
Reminder to HODL
Staking: what will happen to my stake if Ethereum 2.0 were to never happen?
ETHEREUM To $4000
How low will it go?
The price of bitcoin has plummeted as China announces a ban on cryptocurrency mining and trading.
Will eth go back up or is it going to keep crashing
Is this giant dip "normal"?
How low can this go?
How do I withdraw on the Ethereum 2.0 network
One of the biggest Crypto Mining store is offering a Big Spring Sale!
Goldman Sachs calls Ethereum "The Amazon Of Information" and sees it overtaking Bitcoin
Goldman Sachs calls Ethereum "The Amazon Of Information" and sees it overtaking Bitcoin
Noob here
ETH 2.0 [BETH] staking on Binance
How low do you guys reckon ETC will drop ?
Are contracts executions meant to be cheap?
Will HBAR ever take over ETH?
Goldman Sachs calls Ethereum "The Amazon Of Information" and sees it overtaking Bitcoin
i was told eth 10k
Staking on Coinbase and losing the ability to sell may be a blessing.
We’re still going to the moon right? Right?
Ethereum in 2022:$ 80.sold,sold,sold.#ethereum #elonmusk #ethers #crypto #vitalikbuterin #smartcontract
THAT 1750 DIP AND V RECOVERY IS NERVE RACKING
[Hiring] Senior Front End Developer for Crypto Mining Pool
Think we will have one more dip
This very relateble in the current market. Hodl My friends!
When you bought at all time high and still dipping
Help
How to use OpenSea with Neon District
Ethereum
Something has changed inside me and I feel pretty good
Ethereum miner
cannot withdraw all ETH out of my account
Noo 😭😆
We are back to where we were a month ago
Owning ETH is a wild ride, but I don't care if it drops another 90%
Best Blockchain ecosystem
eth dips once again
Making positive progress...
This is the way
ETH 2.0 staking on Binance
What is going on with ETH?? Should we be worried?
YouTube is a terrible place to obtain sound knowledge of blockchain technologies
Still haven’t bought the dip 😴
Some ETH and USDT Advice
When will eth go PoS and stop being mineable, I've read somewhere that it'll be by the end of 2021 and others saying that's a lie and that they will believe it when they see it, does anyone saw anything about this ?
What do I do?
First time crypto investor bought in Ethereum at 3900
Is There Any Negative Consequences To Staking ETH On Coinbase?
Fiat money is waging war
Anyone know where to see ERC-20 gas fees?
Is ethereum deflationary?
You can only lose money if you sell.DONT PANIC
🙂
Is Ethereum the next King?
digitalbureaucracy
Should I Hold
Buying Altcoins like ETC when BTC dumps is better then Selling them, but graphs are following Bitcoin!? Why??
I could cry. Seriously Fuck China
Guys I’m new to this. I got some eth and can’t help but feel FUD with what’s going on. Imma hoDl but still I’m kinda creeped out at this dip.
Help appreciated
Free $10 US Dollars if you sign up for Coinbase via this link
Anyone having any trouble using the Goerli Faucet from Dappnode or Mudit?
Hey guys, can someone find out if this wallet is real or not? Or there is no way to know?
Sole-X: New Fully Decentralized Cross-chain NFT Marketplace
Goldman Sachs Group: Ethereum platform is the "Amazon of Information"
Navigating Volatility in the Crypto Bull Market - Index Coop
Ethereum Mining
I was sold when I first got in...
How can I join a DAO?
Just bought my first 0.5 ETH
I may have picked the worst time to invest in Crypto, but I am not worried.
Good morning guys
I think this up and down will continue until alts go back to where they were before alt season. Then We can go up again. Seen it before
when should i move my money from Coinbase WALLET to Coinbase?
Why Ether is the future of blockchain technology; the past vs. the future.
Blitz Crypto Class - from Contract to “Done!” (early access available by request)
Partnership
Crash
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
Recent Ethereum "eth-live.net" can anyone verify if this is a scam?
Ethereum Foundation Says Berlin Hardfork Addressed "Clear and Present" Threat
“What Eth 2.0 Validators Can Expect After the 'Altair' Upgrade” London and Altair updates coming very soon. PoS &amp; low fees.
Bearmarket and ETH2
Question!
Vitalik Buterin: Cryptocurrency is Here To Stay
Scam live airdrop?
eth
wen release date
ETH at 2k
Ether
Creating a front-end page with REACT to interact with smart contracts
New investor
Should I Trade My BTC for ETH?
Building the next compound. Looking for feedback
Water lily – ultra rare 5/5
Daily Discussion Thread
The China Ban Fud Bringing Down Bitcoin Explained
Transferring 9 ETH tokens
You guys think it’s a good time to buy Etherium or it will dip some more?
Why Bitcoin Sucks
ETH will go down to 1500 because....
Wondering about migration and scalability?
Exclusive: The 27-year-old behind ethereum isn't surprised by the crypto crash
How do I launch my own ERC20 token in any exchange?
Photos Bhutan
Money is Power
END DAY  
Elon after seeing no heavy price action in the crypto market:
Hi All, does decentralized vulnerability platform $DVP crypto coin is worth buying now. Please share your thoughts. Thanks
🔧Not only DeFi &amp; NFT on Ethereum, but also check 3 infrastructure utility dapps! Don't want to miss opportunities? Get notifications from EPNS; Want private transactions? Use TornadoCash; Tokenize your ENS Domain as NFT with ENS Nifty
🔧Not only DeFi &amp; NFT on Ethereum, but also check 3 infrastructure utility dapps! Don't want to miss opportunities? Get notifications from ESPN; Want private transactions? Use TornadoCash; Tokenize your ENS Domain as NFT with ENS Nifty
Why is ETC outpacing ETH more than 2:1 today??
Who the f knows!
Vitalik Buterin mentioned adding “Litecoin support” to Ethereum 2.0
Swap referral codes
Ethereum May Have Rough Sledding Ahead as Regulators Come Sniffing
Hey so I got into this game a little late and end up buying 3 eth coins at 4,000 each, my gut is to sell them at there value now like 2700 and wait for next dip below 2000 and repurchase 4 and possibly recoup my losses any insight would really help thank you!
Dip
What will you do philanthropically when you Bitcoin millionaire?
Found a t shirt company that makes crypto mash up shirts. They have a Sims Ethereum shirt I thought was cool. Plus they donate their profits to charity so i thought i would share!
Ethereum Warmup
today was a good morning
New to crypto
Textile 🛠 Intro to Decentralized Storage: Integrating Filecoin and IPFS into your Project. Live on May 27.
WOW!!! E for Ethereum by a 5-year kid :)
Can stolen ETH be returned?
Coinbase Pro DCA Script For Lower Trading Fees
low amounts of ethereum for other currencies?
Is there any way i can swap low amounts of ethereum for other currencies?
I'd like to apologize to the Ethereum community for making a big mistake..
WARNING
ETH Youtube Scam
I created an in-browser Ethereum ERC20 Token Maker, feedback welcome!
create your own listing.
Yield farming question
The Creator Of Ethereum Claims That ETH Is Very Close To Its Goal Of Cutting Energy Usage By More Than 99%
Accessing Old Wallets
Debunking Elon Musk
$3.00 NFTART - Trading Art Card - OpenSea - Rare Collectible Design
YOU CAN NOT DO THAT TO YOURSELF!
Wealth simple "no commission"
Where will prices head next?
The Infinite canvas for Infinite ideas! 💎
UltraSound Money. A deflationary asset cannot be good money
The Future of Crypto
HODLING that Ethereum.
“IF” BTC can bull past 41k… only then will I believe the party is still on.
Who dose this guy called Musk think he is lol. The new godfather of crypto?
Charged Particles Creative Contest
Sent XRP to ETH Wallet
Transaction keeps failing because out of gas error
Learn how to mine Ethereum ➡ miningmasterclass.thinkific.com
How to get into the tech part of eth, any tips and tricks, road map, any resoruces
Ethereum Miners Making Huge Gains Despite Crypto Market Bloodbath
Guys. The Wolf of All Streets has been getting a lot of backlash recently for shilling pre-sale scams and dumping on his followers. What do you think? Should he be forgiven?
BTC TOWER DEFENSE $
Programming a simple ERC20 token, Part 1 -- Mariano Conti
When the cap is hit for mining?
How Can I View How Much Ether is currently staked or used in Dapps?
Is there going to be another ether dip? Why is it up again?
Is it possible for someone to sell NFTs without a gas fee?
How Can I View How Much Ether is currently staked or used in Dapps?
Ether in Cad, e-trans, my digital wallet
Just saw this t-shirt inspired by the post of the guy that invented HODLING
How does a borrowing smart contract know to trigger a liquidation?
Need technical help here
Chronicle market
Should I sell my crypto for real estate?
Chronicle market
Chronicler market
Understanding the Economic Value of the Uniswap Token, UNI.
Can I lose my coins by staking?
hello all
Be patient when dealing with ethereum
Goldman Sachs Believes Ethereum Beats Bitcoin, New Leaked Report Reveals
ETH prediction?
WSJ
ETH transaction stuck 'pending' cause of low gas
I’m an amateur graphic designer and (as I’m obsessed with crypto) I make crypto related shirt designs as a hobby. Enjoy them! (Hope I’m not breaking any rules)
Is Ethereum More Environmentally Friendly Than Bitcoin?
The TUBE : Announcing MUST ⚗️ Staking release on Polygon
Does crypto.com apply fees also when selling ?
Who is running ethereum full node here?
DeFi Beyond the Hype - The Emerging World of Decentralized Finance
How does one get GoETH to test proof-of-stake? When I try the Faucet it says I don’t have enough gas but that’s the point of a test net - should be free for learning - no? I don’t have anything. Ty
1inch is ...Inflationary?
Want to win some $INSUR tokens? - Join our meme contest on Twitter
ERC 20 Token
🚀🏤NEW TOKEN [$PicassoNFT]🏤 [New NFT token with future prospect][Ready to moon, 50X] 🚀
Suggest best crypto exchanges
CREATE3 opcode proposal / resolving problems of Crosschain Address Collisions
DEFI Recommendations
Dogecoin Beef? Why Elon Musk Says ETH’s Vitalik Buterin “Fears the DOGE”
NFT carries deep meanings in its smallest details
How does PoS as proposed in Eth2 promote decentralization?
What is the perfect example of a smart contract?
How to add Metis to MetaMask? How to find contract address of Metis token? Step by step tutorial of adding a custom token to MetaMask!
One Big Reason Analysts Think ETH Can Dethrone Bitcoin
Ethereum who like it
I have multiple addresses on the same seed phrase, is there a way to delete one?
Insert coin &lt;3
Told ya guys to buy the dip, but some of ya panic sold instead 🤦🏼‍♂️
Ethereum Wants Proof Of Stake By December 2021
Celo for Ethereum Developers
WSJ article on Uniswap: Upstart Peer-to-Peer Crypto Exchanges Take Aim at Coinbase
How Can I Contribute to the Ethereum Ecosystem?
Living on crypto in Switzerland: An interview with Marc Steiner
Remitano
Incognito wallet
In future will be very helpful in world of crypto
ETHacker House in San Francisco
Middle wallet
ETHacker House in SF ?
Argent is hiring several roles in build up to L2 launch
Need help
Ethereum Layer 2 Rollup Debate: Optimism, Starkware, Arbitrum and zkSync -- Delphi Digital Podcast
I am an international student, for me it’s really hard to make money and invest in something but somehow I managed to buy 0.5 Ethereum!
Fleeting Liquidity - The Daily Gwei #253
digitalbureaucracy
My husband loves this!😍😍
What is Ether Backed by is the wrong first question
Scientists in 1995 thought the internet was a fad.
I got the best one! 😍👌
Who is this buyer? 1.87M USD!?
Who is this buyer???? 1.98M USD!
About Eth2 and its clients
Bought it for my boyfriend as part of a crypto themed birthday gift package. I think he’ll love it.
Guys use my code to get 10 dollars when you sign up and verify your account. They accept kids under 18 as well
Vitalik Buterin Discusses Elon Musk’s Problematic Dogecoin Scalability Claims
Best place to swap tocken?
Content of Early childhood education
Rollbit: Get up to 50$ for free, no strings attached - bet with crypto
Good morning 🙏everyone. I made a follow up Video on this whole mess, elon STFU, China, and now the crypto tax. This is not a FUD video it is the opposite. Well thought out and supportive. An entertaining easy to watch , good 10 minute watch. Cheers good luck and start strong. 👍🏻
Hey guys i'm pretty new to mining, used to show around 300$ CAD monthly on my 2080 now I've tested and it showed 90usd CAD with x amount of eth daily and maybe after an hour after it went half my daily eth income and half my monthly $ income my hashrate were the same, what does that mean ?
The DeFi liquidation game
Using ETH to mine ETH , get back capital in 1 year , let the rest roll
Merge in 2021? Curb your enthusiasm.
Is Bitcoin losing its throne to Ethereum?
Content of Stock market index
Manipulated gas fees?
How To Read Crypto Charts - Guide
three websites to earn some free crypto
The DeFi Yield Farm That Aims to Propogate Privacy in Crypto and Beyond
Hope everyone was buying those dips, who else is enjoying the green today &lt;3
Staking Etheruem could lose your Ethereum?
Staking my Ethereum to Eth2 could lose my ethereum?
EquilibriumDeFi introduced a Kusama-based GenshiroDeFi with lower minimum collateralization ratio (just 100%).
Donating ETHEREUM away, coin went to the moon succesfully
Ethereum, similar cryprocurrency and their future
Cardano and Ethereum
HODL
HODL!
What are long term transaction costs on ethereum?
Still struggling with how PoS works
The Limits to Blockchain Scalability
What is stopping is going PoS on Ethereum 2.0?
Best wallets
Genuinely excited to see what the future holds for Ethereum. This reddit community has come a long way. Cheers! 🍻
Vitalik Buterin Criticise Tesla CEO in a publication on his blog
Hello everyone!
What are the top 5 things to consider when choosing a gas monitor for confined spaces?
💸 Passive Income 💸 is an innovative blockchain token that aims to change the concept of DeFi yield generation.
Stacking ETH2.0
I created 8-bit tits art to celebrate / worship
I created a tax event of $15,000 by exchanging an alt into Ethereum (now Ethereum is dumping)
I rely on Elon's crypto comments as much as I rely on Vitalik's electric car comments. #fuckelon
Anyone who forgets the wallet password can contact me
Anyone who forgets the wallet password can contact me
A crypto noob's journey since January, 2021
ETH Foundation Says Berlin Hard Fork Has Fixed Its Network Flaws
Mark Cuban favors Ethereum. He depicts present-day NFTs as “proof of concepts” for what’s to come. Cuban further stated that smart contracts on blockchains, particularly Ethereum, is a tremendous game-changer that every company will use.
LEAKED; Goldman Sachs predicts Ether will outperform Bitcoin.
Ethereum 2.0
TA - Ethereum Faces Hurdles, Here’s What Could Trigger Strong Recovery
💰 Instead of earning on Bitcoin’s price, earn on Bitcoin market dominance with xBTC.
What happens with my ethereum?
Panic selling! 💩
EthereumPool.com
EthereumPool.com
Ethereum Faces Hurdles, Here’s What Could Trigger Strong Recovery
Added a second GPU to my friends mining rig and it lowered both cards hashrate? Running on separate PSU
Ethereum cements DeFi. I’m doing my eenie meenie miny mo to hold the $2000 support line. Live without regrets. Die with none. ⬆️
Ethereum prices database
A new way to buy and sell stocks
Elon 2.0 – ultra rare 5/5
💸You will no longer lose your loyalty points thanks to DragonBite, where you can buy, sell and exchange loyalty points.
This crash is not normal, don't belive MSM
Daily Discussion Thread
Ownpaste Dapp browser updates including web3-v1.2.8
Enjin giving away NFT through their wallet
Crypto saved me
Dark Forest v.06 - How the hell do you play this?
The Freelancer’s Smart Contract: DApp Demo
Can we trust that the switch to Eth 2.0 will be done only when all ducks are in a row?
END DAY  
Found myself in a liquidity trap
TechLead's thoughts on Ethereum and VB
TechLead's opinions on Ethereum and VB. Thoughts?
A carbon-neutral virtual world on the Ethereum blockchain
Top30 DEX (Decentralized Exchange) Eco by 30d Volume: 🥇Ethereum $213.8B 🥈Binance Smart Chain $84.18B 🥉Tron $1.96B 🔥Polygon (Matic), EOS, Zilliqa
Does anyone know how a non profit would go about setting up something for people to donate ethereum?
The market changes constantly but one thing is fairly consistent.
0x1337420
How do I purchase an ENS Domain using my Ledger Nano X?
$WENR SPEND YOUR ETH FOR A GOOD CAUSE
This guy scammed me for 21000$ Worst mistake of my life
Anyone else see this? Thoughts?
What is the best argument for switching from PoW to PoS?
Bybit has started trading ETH Futures Contracts
Question about price levels/inflation and cryptocurrency’s value
The "Blackswan" hidden in plain sight.
ETH 2.0 upgrade risks?
Staking eth2.0 on coinbase
Staking Eth2.0 on coinbase
Stake Eth2.0 on Coinbase
0x2170ed0880ac9a755fd29b2688956bd959f933f8
Mark Cuban Invests in Ethereum Layer 2 Polygon
ETH Gas Fee on Binance US!
Mark Cuban Invests in Ethereum Layer 2 Polygon
Accidentally transferred ETC to MATIC wallet. Need Help
Saw this as another crystal clear sign that we are here to stay. The establishment has accepted it. The Fed has recognized us. We are now being woven into the financial infrastructure with institutions like Visa. The moon awaits us🌚hodl💎🙌🏼
We should get this ASAP. Get SafeMoon before it’s too late.
Ripping right past the $2,700 threshold!!
What is Ethereum / ethereum explained #historyofethereum #whatisethereum
GameStop is a Memer
Since I'm a great fanboy of Ethereum, I created this. You can use it however you want. It also comes with a great soundtrack:)
.
Blockchain voting is overrated among uninformed people but underrated among informed people
GameStop is launching NFTs on the Ethereum blockchain 👀
Tracking your Whole Portfolio made Easier?
See the difference when you HODL? 🤪
Ethereum needs iExec to Scale
Do you have any good idea of DApp in Solidity to build alone and gain Technical Expertise in the process?
My tx is taking too long
Why does Elon musk control the entire crypto market? Let me tell you why.
Finalized no. 26
Explain it to me like I’m a dummy. If I want to stake 32 ETH in order to run a Node independently from a computer at home, how would I go about this?
How can I convert a watch-only Trust Wallet to standard.
EthHub Weekly Recap #167: Wild price swings, China BTC news, Fed looking at digital currency, Optimism integrates Etherscan, big updates from Synthetix, Coinbase wallet extension and Vitalik’s post on the limits of scalability
The hate is real.
GameStop (GME) planning on selling NFTs on Ethereum
Bubble af get out
district0x Dev Update - May 25th, 2021
Can we please stop down voting newcomers that state something that is wrong 😤
People are spending millions on NFTs. What? Why?
Any donations greatly accepted !
Best explanation for "What is gas?"
How can i exchange erc20 coins into xrp?
Unpopular Opinion: PoS is not more decentralized than PoW if it takes 32 ETH ($80,000) to operate a node. Anyone can mine Bitcoin on a $5 Raspberry Pi
This sht coin just cant go through
Why didn't CNBC use IPFS for their NFT
On the door to my European repair shop! Looking forward to a great 2018!!
Bachelor thesis survey
MetaMask and ETH - advice needed
Ehtereum art by me. Notice that ethereum forming at the reflection of the piece :) which one do u like ? Vivid or b/w? I have listed these as NFTs.
Does anyone know a similar project?
An update on Lodestar: our Typescript implementation of Eth2, and one of many official Eth2 client implementation teams!
So ETH 2.0 failed ????
I am crypto enthusiast and have faith in ETHEREUM. I decided to make an art about ETH so here is the piece. observe the reflection with the piece, you notice the ethereum forming 💎 Listed on opensea and mintable :) 2 versions, which one you like B/w or vivid?
How to transfer ERC20 tokens
TechLead is bashing ethereum, any thoughts?
DRONE COIN Buy now or never. Limited Coins.
How to earn GLM - with your spare computing power
Ethereum Closes In on Long-Sought Fix to Cut Energy Use Over 99%
Welcome to the Bubble
Gas Fee for Token Sending Question
Good crypto use case? Democratizing innovation and IP by allowing users to NFT their idea and get paid in SPOKES altcoin.
Bitcoin traders using 100-to-1 leverage are driving the wild swings https://www.cnbc.com/2021/05/25/bitcoin-crashes-driven-by-big-margin-bets-new-crypto-banking.html?__source=iosappshare%7Ccom.apple.UIKit.activity.CopyToPasteboard
Introducing GTC - The Gitcoin Governance Token
AMA with William R. of MakerDAO’s Real World Finance Core Unit
Elon Musk And Michael Saylor Form Bitcoin Mining Council
Gitcoin Launching governance token
Transfered PEG-eth to coinbase
Not to spread FUD. But what do you guys think?
Ethereum’s current price level is one of the remaining few opportunities for this!
ETH and token account balance checker at a given date
Ethereum Rebounds above $1,750 Low, Resumes Upside Momentum
Finalized no. 26 - Danny Ryan
DApps – Decentralized Applications – What Are They
U guys can make all the jokes yourself I’ll just leave this one: 🤷‍♂️ DICK go up
Alternative Language - The Daily Gwei #254
Ethereum has 'much higher utility' than Bitcoin, says Guggenheim co-founder Todd Morley
Ethereum на Polkadot -ParaState
Ethereum announces phenomenal 2021 Q1 result
DeFi in Ether: Augur Turbo launches using Chainlink on Polygon; Gnosis Safe’s multichain future…
Cryptocurrency mining equipment shop and more! Spring Sale - 15% Reduced prices
Ethereum.org has some of the best Developer resources to help you get started whether you're a complete beginner or an expert
MEV after the switch to PoS
ETH gas fees dropped! LOVE IT! But what caused the drop?
Market is heavily manipulated
If BTC goes to This what will be ETH price??
WebRTC blockchain is it really decentralized?
ETH and PoS
DeFi was battle-tested in last week's dip, that would have sent TradFi into turmoil. Here is a breakdown of some of the DeFi "blue-chip" protocols and what they do.
Rollbit: Get up to 50$ for free, no strings attached - bet with crypto
Content of Graphic design
Is Ethereum More Environmentally Friendly Than Bitcoin?
NFT preorder
A vaccine marvel is bringing America back
Ethereum-Complete Guide on World’s Second Crypto
drill music nft - single ur multiple
Why do people still think a shrinking supply means a rising price?
DeFi Is Rising in Chicago
So in the decentralized future, we will pay to use services like Twitter, etc.
Ethereum Closes In on Long-Sought Fix to Cut Energy Use Over 99%
Goldman Sachs: Ethereum Is Likely To Replace Bitcoin As The Mainstream Cryptocurrency
The ethereum collection set is coming xD
I'm stuck. I don't know to buy nor not. Check this super cool ETH related THINGY
Ethereum == MySpace
Ethereum has 'much higher utility' than Bitcoin, says Guggenheim co-founder Todd Morley
A new kind of NFT - audio art
ELI5: What is staking and can I make more money from doing it than simply investing in ETH?
Ethereum Technical Analysis for May 25, 2021 - ETH
Big dump whales transferring funds almost a 1/2 billion dollars in the past hour
Crypto.com Becomes Official Cryptocurrency &amp; NFT Sponsor of the IIHF Ice...
Scalability roadmap cheat sheet (version 2)
Uncertainty Sinks in the Seas of Certainty
Cryptotesters Podcast with Authereum CEO Chris Whinfrey on building a seamless "Web 2.0" style Login for DeFi
💰 A huge user base and a large number of stores allow DragonBite to unite the most profitable loyalty programs in one place and provide users the best conditions💲
Here’s Why Ethereum Will Prevail
Daily Discussion Thread
Sexy jeans – ultra rare 5/5
Sexy jeans – ultra rare 5/5
Is Ethereum More Environmentally Friendly Than Bitcoin? thoughts on this..?
ERC20 Token Listing
Milwaukee Bucks: 4 memorable game-winning shots in playoff history
Compare top NFT marketplaces on Ethereum &amp; Binance Smart Chain: Overall, Ethereum's top 2 beat BSC's top 2. OpenSea has the most NFT traders, volume &amp; trade counts, yet all data dropped in 30d. Airnfts all data sharply increased
Avoid this coin !!
Tokenized Sock project for ETH
END DAY  
PoolTogether Pods - Lower Gas Costs &amp; Increased Winning Odds
Danny Ryan: Ethereum Foundation -- An Eth2 Progress Update - Epicenter Ep. 393
Who wants to get paid to play video games and stream online?
When will it end
Cryptos that work alongside ETH, that will rise along with ETH
DeFi Art
Hey Internet, looks how much *insert currency here* I have...
ethereum gas fee
Polygon $MATIC catches up with Ethereum &amp; Binance Smart Chain in DeFi? Mark Cuban has confirmed investment into Polygon. How to transfer tokens from Ethereum to Polygon Layer2 via PoS Bridge? How many funds are pouring into Polygon?
send 10000 ether to this wallet and I will send you 1 package of kosher hotdogs blessed by elon musk. 0xca26660510285640368503210818eae51c076be4
[OC] DeFi Art
Dynamic Traverers for TrueBlocks allows customizable per-address access directly from Ethereum nodes
Hey guys just made a quick technical analysis video on ETH. Still an amazing coin in my opinion. Means a lot if you leave a like, comment and share so more people can know about this gem 💎
Scammed buying Shiba Inu?
Optimistic or ZK Rollups and why?
Ethereum Scaler Arbitrum Is Launching Friday With Developer Support From Alchemy - CoinDesk
ETH's Fall
Uniswap
Could 5 ETH be life changing wealth by 2025 ?
U.S. Government Pushes Regulating Crypto
What happened to my money?
How to stake?
AUD Exchange - totally new - no idea !
Get your issues solved in trust Wallet
ETH going up makes me 😫🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
Not much, but will I be rich in couple of years? 🥺
Guys come and earn Free Ether every 30 seconds while is low because those 7k are coming soon and Upvote. Super Legit.
Amit Rana on Twitter
Ascending triangles
How will blockchain sharding effect gas fees?
Nvidia: Ethereum's shift to proof-of-stake could reduce demand for GPUs
My Ether Wallet broken after last update
Ethereum should do a token split alongside with the merge. 1 ETH =&gt; 100,000 ETH
Agree or disagree
Could Ethereum Run Off Just 0.05% Of It's Current Electricity Usage Levels?! A Potential GAME CHANGER....
What is the future for cryptocurrency?
This Video updates its Title with Ethereum Prices every 2 Minutes
super quick, 1 minute video outlining how to stake ETH on Kraken!
Please help me
Stacking help for ether
Accidentally joined the staking waitlist. How do I get out of it?
Polygon Releases SDK to Let Developers Quickly Deploy Chains Connected to Ethereum
GameStop (GME) NFT website revealed, powered by Ethereum
Accidentally joined the staking waitlist. How do I get out of it?
help with purchasing eth
Bitcoin and Ethereum Gain Momentum, Altcoins Accelerate
How do you cancel being on the staking waitlist for ETH on Coinbase? Accidentally joined it
Ethereum for the world
Chrome 91 breaks Ledger support of MetaMask. Don't update for the moment.
DefiBids - The worlds first auction website for ERC20 and NFT packages
Hoard Launches an ETH-based NFT Marketplace With NFT Loans and Lending Functionalities
TK and Optimistic rollups
Investing in TK/Optimistic rollups
There, i changed it for you. The Bull.
Crypto already 70% carbon neutral are going for 100% by 2022
Should i sell ethereum today and stand on the side lines???????
Will Bitcoin Surge to $60K? Crypto recovers after a long period of decline
Memes
Gas Amount
Polygon just launched SDK
Concerning stETH Liquidity - Lido Blog
Debating if I should stake my ETH ? 🤔
How much would manipulating the gas price cost?
“DeFi Beyond the Hype: The Emerging World of Decentralized Finance” by Wharton School and Davos (World Economic Forum)
Reason #4 why Ethereum is superior to BTC: The Mods
Hi, I created NFT nameplates of BTS members from their music video.
How do you personally spell and pronounce "dapp"?
Is Vitalik autism
DeFiSummer Hackathon
Farming/Pooling/Stacking
Script to update Ethereum Prices in Youtube Title
Scott Lewis: Ethereum should do a token split 1 ETH =&gt; 100,000 ETH. No one wants to feel like they can't even afford 1 whole token.
Questions about ERC
Datebayo
Some pictures I took on July 30 2015 (Genesis Block)
Arbitrum x Alchemy | Layer 2 Chain waitlist!
$40M Matic Rewards using AAVE - DeFi Tutorial
First ethereum node in space to be deployed in June via spaceX flight to ISS
New to crypto scene. How does kraken compare to other websites?
Thеre is a Youtuber cаlled "Lеоn Fаradаy" thаt lеarns everywеek а new skill. Нis relatives раssed аway whеn he wаs 14, hе mаkes videos about own experienсe оf mаstering new skills and аnothеr vidеоs for peоple to keеp mоtivatiоn to lеаrn and try new things, bеcаuse wе havе оnly one lifе
Do you think we can create a better content platform by minting video's as NFT's?
Can someone enlighten me on entehreum scalers like polygon MATIC and the other up and coming ones?
Fundraiser by Sebastian Schulz : CARE SUPPORT FOR GRANDMA GERDA (94)
ETH2 Validator Question
This Video Updates ETH price every 15 mins Programmatically on Youtube
Unstoppable Domains is auctioning off the blockchain domain India.crypto to provide COVID-19 relief for India.
$1,500 to put into Crypto... which coins?
Article: How should browsers integrate decentralized websites?
How do you build SAAS at scale on ETH without going bust due to gas fees?
binance issue
PSA: Matic / Polygon is facing technical problems right now. Avoid doing any transactions till things settle down.
Question regarding EIP-1559 and Merge uddates
Someone deceived me and stole 1000 usdc and sent me fake eth
Lottery on Ethereum Blockchain from A to Z
Brief Overview of Ethereum and it's ability to penetrate the entire World
Is Gamestop doing NFTs on #Ethereum a positive or negative for #ETH? 👇🏻Comment below along with your vote!
Ethermine only showing 1 worker
How to build a dApp on Ethereum
opinions on uni or cake
A simple decentralisation use case
GameStop Hints at New NFT Project on Ethereum
This Video display ETH price every 15 Mins
Ethereum Price Update and Video Feed
Ethereum Price Update on Youtube
Billionaire Entrepreneur Mark Cuban Invests in Ethereum Scaling Solution
What happened to e-wasm?
Apple’s payments unit is looking for a crypto-savvy biz-dev specialist to lead partnership efforts.
Hi, so I have aquestion about eth2
This perspective in the mainstream, please:
If you use a TREZOR with Ethereum - upvote this issue
Buying eth
How do ETH gas fees get calculated?
Mining Ethereum
Use to join and get 1 free Pi coin
The Compelling Case for NFT Gaming -- nansen.ai
Will fees ever be &lt;$0.01?
Ethereum’s new Meta-DEX-Aggregator to save users from MEV
Smart Contracts
Thank you Ethereum!
How much network traffic can I expect from an Ethereum full node?
We are on the eve of great changes for the ecosystem and we are in the middle of a dip that has not been seen for a long time. What are your feelings about what will happen in the next few months? What do you think?
Where to start?
Doubtful about the cryptoworld
Holy fee! Anybody have any recs to avoid this?
Flippening Overload - The Daily Gwei #255
Human Organic Drone Collection
What's the incentive for anyone to maintain an archive node in ETH?
Peaky blinders
What price are you buying ETH? Not advice, just a community poll:
Crypto trending higher
TCOIN - Travel Coin
President of Iran banned Crypto Mining, unlicensed mining going on
I need help finding the best Mining Program for my 1080 ti
The Best Website for Cryptocurrencies news and info
Anonymous poll - how much ETH r/ethereum users own
Ethereum blockchain may go greener by late 2021
Does Proof of Stake negate MEV?
Ethereum at $5,000? One financial advisor CEO says it could happen this week
GameStop Is Hiring for New NFT Platform on Ethereum
White House reviews 'gaps' in cryptocurrency rules as bitcoin swings wildly
Full creative service for DeFi projects
Will ethereum be able to solve the gas price problem in a short time?
Would 1559 eliminate the need for Polygon?
I moved my coins around, swapping my bit for eth, and now my account is already back to where is was pre crash
Argo - The Future of Decentralized Blockchain Hosting and Storage
Does anyone in Thailand know how to stake Ethereum and set up a validator?
Does anyone in Thailand know how to set up a validator and stake Ethereum?
Wojak tries flipping crypto
Are there pawn shops that will pay me ETH for goods?
I will be spiderman
GameStop (GME) NFT website revealed, powered by Ethereum
Ethereum 2.0 update dates
Ethereum update dates
ETH being sent itself to a specific wallet
Where is the best place to stake ethereum?
B U Y CARDANO HODLER T SHIRTS IN US &amp; EU
Lower nonce will be executed first even if it's send later?
Whales Move $1.5 Billion in Ethereum from Binance in Just 10 Minutes: Details say money can end up in ether 2.0
Can I see what the exact price of ETH was on May 19th between 08:55:55-09:00 ET?
What is The Graph? - LimeChain
🤷🏻‍♂️
💲💲💲 Passive Income brings the first PASSIVE INCOME YIELD DEX to the market to allow you to earn more on DEX and make DEX available to everybody!
how can i sell/buy when am under 18?
NFT Will Soon Be A Lucrative Career Choice For Modern Artists
Here’s deep joshi's tribute NFT to living legend @VitalikButerin for helping India through the covid crisis. 28 portraits represent the Indian culture, traditional customs, and more!
Remitano
Look no further for Ethereum Technical analysis - GBP.
Etheruem price forecast the chart is in GBP.
What Is Ethereum? - Information goldmine for anyone interested in the tech behind ETH
ETH Price Primed for 6x Surge! Analyst Hints $2 Trillion Market Cap for Ethereum!
Uneasy Trophy
Presenting you "chasing ethereum" i made this artwork with chromatic aberration and retro styles
Ethereum Breaks Key Resistance, Here’s Why ETH Could Test $3K
A little something I put together regarding Ethereum, and why it should outperform Bitcoin. For years to come
Who is seriously still holding? Cloud mine what you have and make profit. DM for more info about Crypto cloud mining
Daily Discussion Thread
Can crypto's ideology mesh with the realities of climate change?
The preaching of the angels – ultra rare 1/5
Mark York, Actor on ‘The Office,’ Dies at 55
GameStop is building an NFT platform on Ethereum! With a billion dollars in cash on hand I think we're starting to see decentralization hit the masses
Here is an article about Ethereum World, the social network that is being built by Akasha on the Ethereum blockchain (unfortunately only in German).
Why defi is needed for truly free and fair markets
Top Dapps by Volume in A Week: 2 Binance Smart Chain &amp; 5 Ethereum. No.1 PancakeSwap 7d volume $20.55B +142.47%. MakerDAO 7d volume +133.32%. dydx 7d users +52.17%. All their tokens dropped in 7d.
END DAY  
Created NFT out of a yarn painting
"Neon Pagoda" 1/5 -- Decentraland Development Collectible - Decentraland Development Collection | OpenSea
Ethereum 2.0 launch is one of the biggest moment in Crypto world in recent times.
EIP 1559
Mining troubleshooting required
Is HyperPay a scam?
Is HyperPay a scam?
Naming rights of my cat - as NFT
Staking etherum on kraken, risky?
How to recover lost crypto
My little real time ticker is finally done!
The Volmex Protocol
Will btc hit $1m?
Now Salim Khan has also admitted that Salman Khan's Radhey movie is not good,
How does one buy the token Arbitum? Looks like a promising project, but for the life of me can’t find the exchange to buy it on.
Sheetz will accept Ether as payment starting this summer! 🚀
Solo mining
why ETC should run to $100 very soon. Price analysis and price target
Booby Trapping the Ethereum Blockchain - Paradigm
Is it possible to permanently lock eth in a wallet with a verifiably burned password and stake the eth so it accumulates interest but otherwise unuseable?
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
ETH Camo Tee
I give you, the crypto conure!
Will ETH ever drop below $1500 again?
When the US dollar crashes,
Cryptocurrency has an Elon Musk problem
Transfer Paper Wallet to Binsnce
I challenge u/vbuterin to prove the security of his so called mathemagical money system by posing a conflict of interests he can only resolve positively in one way: if he can send $1M to the address in my bio and cannot get it back, I do accept that as proof of ETH security and join the bandwagon
ETH 2.0 crash?
Where can I stake or get interest on my eth.
Is a rising market coming up? #Ethereum #ETH
Elon Musk Reveals Why He’s Backing Dogecoin Over Bitcoin, Ethereum And Others After His Surprise Call For Upgrade ‘Ideas’ Sends Its Price Sharply Higher
A Second Ethereum ETF Is Seeking SEC Approval
WisdomTree becomes the second to file for an ETH ETF with the SEC
LunarCRUSH Live! with QuickSwap (Roc and Sameep)
Ethereum Camo Tee
QuickSwap Pool Rewards for 05/26-06/02
My Retiring Father's Crypto Concerns
Cheatsheet: 1559 for Wallets &amp; Users
BSC node
I don't understand how the gas fees work
Contract State Proof Example
Alert!!
I lost all my ethereum today because I sent it under the wrong net work so if u wanna send me some here is my address 0xa74D1fdd52754d98B922080494f7D09926Cf012E
What happens/any risk to the staked ether as BETH in Binance?
Crypto enthusiast John McAfee tweets on life in Spanish jail
Adrian’s Kickback 😂
#SHIBAGENERAL THE FINAL SHIBA-SAFEMOON TOKEN
On a scale of 0.01 ETH to 1 ETH how attractive are you?
On a scale of 0.01 ETH to 1 ETH how attractive are you? (address in my bio)
Ethereum Choice
About to starting build a defi app like compund!
$SACKS is here - ΞWoki in Quadratic Lands 🌈🌅 on Twitter
Want to run a full node!
Fees and ETH 2
Do Layer 2 Solutions Compete Or Complement Each Others?
30+ websites where you can pay with Ethereum
Gas fees for other ERC-20 tokens?
SAVE PLANET EARTH coin price is now $0.00000002 per coin!!!
Just bought my first ETH
Tokens from Stocks, inside ETH ecosystem.
Wow guys, this is an incredible start! In the first 24 hours SAFEHUMSTERS did 12,000%!!! First place in the ranking of dextools! 15 million market cap! Coinmarketcap listing! Next is coingecko listing and CEX! #safehamsterarmy, you are the best! Our time has come!
Venmo has added the ability to buy Ethereum!?
What happens after Arbitrum release?
Waiting for your crypto.com card? Read this!!!
Can a smart contract creator implement a change without a majority consensus of its users?
Elon Musk not right person to lead green Bitcoin debate, Nic Carter says
trust wallet airdrop || xcell finance airdrop || free airdrop
Need help
Need help
How does governance work for individual tokens on ethereum?
I have a few questions regarding developing on Ethereum
Can we expect ETH to moderately grow once staking is allowed?
If you have ever used Gitcoin, check if you are eligible to receive GTC. I didn't expect anything, received equivalent of $50000
Are ERC-20 tokens and dApps just as secure as Ethereum itself?
Why would all these transactions be reverted? Details in the comments.
$NFT Stonk$
Let's hear your case on why ETH won't be replaced by some alternative like ADA.
फिल्म के सुपरस्टार अभिनेता संजय दत्त को यूएई गोल्डन का वीजा मिला हैThe film's superstar actor Sanjay Dutt has got a visa for UAE Golden,
US House Committee and senators proving they know nothing about the future 🤡
[Q] newb : swapping Fail with error 'Return amount is not enough'
$40M Matic Rewards using AAVE - DeFi Tutorial
"Juan O Savin: May Update" with Rachel Hamm
And that money of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from this earth
Rollbit: Best betting site for crypto and VPN friendly!
What Time is it?
Questions for Vitalik Buterin - post from Lex Fridman
👌👌👌👌I got this awesome gift yesterday.
should i buy more eth now?
when should i buy eth?
The Economist Intelligence Unit Report: Guidelines and lack of awareness are the barriers to Cryptocurrency
INDIA NEED TO CASH Out everything now. Don't let us bleed like this!!! Anyone agree with me?
Vitalik at Lex Fridman soon - collecting questions now
Why is there resistance at 2890 ? What is the purpose and the goal for ETH staying under see 3k ? Thanks
Ether sails past BTC’s daily volume as Grayscale ETH Trust trades at 11% premium
Do I get charged twice if I replace a transaction with metamask?
Profits
Profits non stop
NFTerrorists Series One powered by Ethereum now available on OpenSea
Can you mine while connected only to a pruned node?
You can now use Tether over Tron on Bitrefill
In 2017-18, the price of Bitcoin was similar to Ethereum. Do you think in the next 3 or 4 years, the price of Ethereum will be similar to Bitcoin?
Coinbase alternative?
How does proof of stake create value?
Figs going public today. Listed on RH
Newb question about Transferring Ether - Gas limit calculation
Example dapp which can be built on ethereum but CAN'T be build with an SQL database?
Rejecting Maximalism - The Daily Gwei #256
How do I get my LINK tokens from the Ethereum Mainnet with no Ethereum to pay as gas from Metamask wallet
Buying crypto un Canada
Top 15 Cryptocurrency by Market Capitalization - 2013 to 27 May 2021
Still a buy?
@argenthq batched transactions, 3 transactions in 1
Add liquidity to Uniswap V3 in only 1 transaction instead of 3
Chrome 91 breaks Ledger support of MetaMask. Don't update for the moment.
The Winner of Ethereum's Market Crash? Uniswap and DeFi Exchanges
Vitalik Buterin: Proof-of-Stake reducing Ethereum’s environmental impact
State of Stake vol. 49
Space-based, MMO game - Farsite prepares for lift-off, powered by DeFi and NFTs on Ethereum
Paul 'the Truth' Pierce tells ESPN: I don't need you, I got ethereum_max! BOOM
digitalbureaucracy
Gas price targets for deflationary ETH
Help a Cryptonoob - Which 0x Address to use?
New Fe Release v0.5.0-alpha "Evenkite"
I hear a lot of the pro side for buying into ethereum what are some reasons to stay away?
✔✔
Are there any efforts on Ethereum node pruning???
bZx is coming to Polygon!
Cryptocurrency has an Elon Musk problem
Instagram Posts as NFTs
Bitcoin transaction process
Some pictures I took on July 30th 2015 (Ethereum Genesis Block!)
Whaaaa
Just so people see this again: Vitalik Buterin calling out Craig Steven Wright for being a fraud.
Questions about POS versus POW
Bitcoin Outflow From Exchanges Suggests Confidence Crypto Rout Is Over
Arbitrum, the first general-purpose Ethereum L2, is launching tomorrow! And the Uniswap community has voted to deploy there!
PARASTATE - The Ethereum on Steroids
NFTs from Instagram posts
Infinite Ethereum Address Generator actually (2^256)
Scalability challenge on Ethereum blockchainplatform
Clarity on timeline
💵 xBTC offers a synthetic tracking of all digital assets versus Bitcoin to increase your profit.
UniSwap V3 now surpasses the UniSwap V2 and Bitcoin. It has now become the largest decentralized exchange (DEX) on Ethereum.
Woahhhhc
GameStop to launch Ethereum-backed NFT platform; seeks engineers, gamers
NFT's of Insta Posts
Ethereum 2.0, Explained
Instagram Posts as NFTs
Joshua and Jessica Jarrett, The Nashville couple, filed a lawsuit against the IRS claiming that mining or staking coins are not taxable until traded because they establish the creation of property.
GOOD VIDEO: Explaining why Bitcoin's POW is flawed and that POS is the way forward. Mentions Ethe2.0 as the potential future winner at 2:25 &amp; 8:59
Ethereum Price recovers 14%, ETH/USD Bulls Expect a retest of $3.5k
[GUIDE] With all the new people asking how to buy Ethereum (ETH) I have created a step by step guide on how to buy with the lowest fees.
Create Markdown dApps with Ethereum and IPFS. Receive donations and support from users.
Fiverr but on blockchain?
Implement a Pseudo-Random Number Generator in 26 bytes smart contract
Lido Staking vs Lido plus Defi
no incentive = bad code
Ethereum price
A match made in Heaven
Hey guys newbie to crypto here.And i think this is just the right place to ask.So yesterday i looked at some big cryptos like ethereum and on crypto.com it says there ate 116 M circulating but the total supply is the same can someone explain how does this work? Are there like new ethereum coming?
Gnosis will increase resources to join Erigon (formerly Turbo-Geth) and deprecate OpenEthereum
I know ETH 2.0 will likely solve the ongoing issues with ETH especially high gas and slow transaction speed. However, Charles mentioned about ETH2 governance issue in his interview with Yahoo Finance. Looking for healthy discussion around this topic.
Ember Sword: An Epic Metaverse to Push Play-To-Earn Forward
I'm a new Ethereum user
What are the core values of ETH?
Gas price extremely low
What do you guys think about the Pulse Chain fork? All Eth and Erc20 holders will be getting the airdrop
Joshua and Jessica Jarrett, The Nashville couple, filed a lawsuit against the IRS claiming that mining or staking coins are not taxable until traded because they establish the creation of property.
Let's go surfing 🌊 I'm feeling lucky today ☺️ #nft
Ethereum Corrects Gains, Here’s Why 100 SMA Is The Key for Fresh Increase
NEW VIDEO: How Bitcoin and Ethereum mining really works.
Daily Discussion Thread
Help, out of gas! :(
Embracing trust: or how I learned to stop worrying and accept sidechains
Signs Crop Up That Apple Is Exploring Cryptocurrency: What You Need To Know
Apple / crypto
Funding films using ETH?
Visit to the castle – ultra rare 1/5
Can you truly avoid a sniping bot this way?
Does it matter that ETH is not "asynchronous Byzantine Fault-Tolerant"(aBFT)? Are there any practical downsides to it either right now or in the future?
Trust model for smart contracts
END DAY  
A simple dashboard to monitor the ecosystem of Tornado Cash
VeVe Moves to Ethereum via Immutable X
I just want to see if the people is looking for new options, or everyone is waiting for a better moment 🤔
Help!
सोनू सूद को आ रहे इतने कॉल कि उनका दूध वाला भी हो गया परेशान,Sonu Sood is getting so many calls that even his milk person gets upset ,
When Will It Be Safe to Buy Ethereum?
Eth in 10 years...
Arbitrum first real EVM capable L2 just launched on mainnet!
My poor kiddo doesn't realize how rich we're never gonna be
Arbitrum One - Mainnet (Beta)! - Optimistic Rollups are here! Ethereum is scaling
What is my return on investment : building real world use cases?
Does anybody use zerfaxbit.com?
How to cover Ethereum and USDT Transaction tracks?
Cryptologs 0x509E4203D7FDFAF9029B
Real Estate Market Powered by Ethereum NFT
Eth 2.0
Me telling my friends
Did i just lose 250$ to fees on a failed transaction and why?
Liquidity pool setup failed "transaction too old" Did i just lose 240$ in transaction fees....
Liquidity pool setup failed "transaction too old" Did i just lose 240$ in transaction fees....
NFT
First NFT
Liquidity pool setup failed "transaction too old" Did i just lose 240$ in transaction fees....
How to cover Ethereum and USDT Transaction tracks?
Created an Ethereum Lottery Funding Algorithm + the example of the concept :) . Work perfectly.
#HEDZ #002 is set for Release! (#001 went 4 &amp; 1/2 X it's FLOOR PRICE!!) ((LINK IN COMMENTS))
What's the deal with TrueBit? Just learned about this "new" scaling solution from Vitalik, and trying to learn how it fits in to current solutions.
SpaceHusky - Deflationary Meme Token
The [insane] History of Ethereum's Block Size / Block Gas Limit
The History of Ethereum's Block Size / Block Gas Limit
Someone help explain
To the moon baby 🚀
What does that mean that uniswap is deploying to arbitrum?
Ethereum node will be delivered by SpaceX at International Space Station
Public Goods, Yolo Building, GTC, and GitcoinDAO with Kevin Owocki!!!
Ethereum hoodie
🚀check out my new keychain🚀 what do you think?
VeeFriend for Sale Spontaneous Seahorse
WisdomTree Becomes Second to File for Ethereum ETF in the US
My shop, Men's Groom Room Barber Lounge in Lake Mary, FL, is now accepting these cryptocurrencies!
Paradigm, Booby Trapping ETH
Keep a look out for Simba Inu!
Questions about smart contracts and why did Fizzy.axa was deemed unprofitable and shut down even if it didn't have intermediaries?
ETH Camo Logo 1 from MoonBaseOne
Best app to buy ether in Canada?
free call on CHIGAS
$eMax question
Sustainables Coin Coming Soon .!
AllCoreDevs Twitter Summary 🧵
ETH vs BTC
Maker's tech boss on L2 solutions
Nitro virtual channels - a unique construction for building state channel networks with minimal on-chain transactions
Favorite ETH app
Nitro virtual channels - a unique construction for building state channel networks
Ethermine VS Nicehash
They just don't know (OC)
DAOs place in political action
Utility tokens with tangible benefits over existing alternatives?
Join the Ethereum community for the "Road to Devcon" event series: A poap.art painting party on May 29
Thanks for the support, Elon! ETH holders thank you
Raoul Pal Update - Why I Buy Ethereum more than Bitcoin | Bitcoin And Ethereum Price Prediction
Is the drop in Daily Active Ethereum addresses driven by migration to L2?
Looks cool
Amazing Ethereum
If Ethereum becomes a store of value as opposed to 'digital oil', do you care?
Ethereum Core Devs Meeting #114
Introducing JPG: the New Media Curation protocol — Mirror
Is there a way to "forward" my balance automatically from one wallet to another as soon as I receive it?
Banks are done...
I love Ethereum...
ERC20 Voting
Made an ethereum spaceship. Need a name for this vessel, pls suggest below!
What in the uniswap is going on here.
Haha
Sent ETH via BEP20 instead of ERC20 to Trezor. Is it lost forever?
Me waiting for my 21 gwei transaction to co firm
When ETH hits 5k I will get an ETH ♦ tattoo
which exchanges let you set the eth gas fee?
Waiting for my 21 gwei transaction to confirm
1559-visually Full blocks will be rare. Full blocks in a row will be really really rare! I diagramed to scale what a worst-case scenario would look like. One line is one block. 5 minutes of full blocks (old auction style) resumes, then blocks will no longer be full. 👍
Corona Coin cryptocurrency
Corona Coin cryptocurrency
MINAR EN SOLITARIO
Monitoring a Blockchain with a SIEM
Request need Private Keys with 10 or transactions on Mainnet that are no longer needed.
Go check out my first nft
We're Still Early - The Daily Gwei #257
ETHEREUM To 10000 Dollars
Help a noob out with a rookie error, I'm kinda freaking out a little tbh 😅
NOTE 2 SELF
Why You Should Invest In Ethereum!!
Rollbit: Best betting site for crypto and VPN friendly!
What to do with idle ETH in wallet?
$7.2mm stolen from @burger_swap because of a silly modification in the source code
ETH-Price after PoS. Up or down?
SELLING ALL MY ETHEREUM - My Problem With Ethereum (as a millionaire)
What does WordPress integration with Ethereum mainnet means for the future of crypto
Here's how Ethereum 2.0 promises to be green, scalable, and far more efficient
📷Stake it till you make it!
Some ideas of the future! Its exciting and i am finally realizing the possibillities and usage of the Security of the blockchain and Etherium network.
Ethereum: Coin or Blockchain Network?
Locating the Beeple NFT on the blockchain
Stereum Client Diversity 👁️ Watch #CW 21 2021
Stereum Client Diversity 👁️ Watch #CW 21 2021
USDT went missing from metamask
What eth is doing can be done free of cost.
ANKR and correlation
Making money with DEFI investments
Tornado Cash Privacy Question
Important!!
- RIDE ETH WAVE - My art about of Ethereum's price changes
Transfer Money Worldwide &amp; More With GIFA Token Wallet
.....
Eth for programming
How is the fee burned in EIP1559
I have an idea - and can't stop thinking about it. Perhaps you could help?
On the ride
Whyyyy is it crashinggggg 😂😂
UC Berkeley: Novel path to raise funds for research by NFT on Etherum Blockchain
Nobel Prize-winning invention for two revolutionary biomedical advances, gene editing and cancer immunotherapy, will be sold associated with non-fungible tokens (NFT) on Ethereum blockchain next week, its a novel path for the University of California at Berkeley to raise funds for research.
Ethereum Render I made after learning 3D for a Week!
A better way to fund blockchains; Quadratic Funding
Create you own peer to peer contract on the blockchain! Escrow, Bonds, Swaps, CFD with Oracle rtc
If I have 2 pending transactions and the first one failed, what would happen to the second one now that the nonce has skipped a number?
Why Ethereum Indicators Are More Bullish Than Bitcoin’s
Orbiter: cross-rollup DEX with smart contracts only on the destination side
Breakdown of Cardano's Alonzo upgrade. Would love to hear your thoughts!
Gentlemen Animals - First 10 Animals minted - 1 already gone. Get yours now!
'WE'RE SCARED,' SAYS THE TAX OFFICE, ENCOURAGING CRYPTOCURRENCY TRADERS TO REPORT THEIR GAINS.
Digital Art Trade With NFT - Guide
Why PARASTATE? And the tradeoff of Layer 2
Price
😊 Turn your loyalty points into cryptocurrency with DragonBite
Enjin the Ethereum Killer
Daily Discussion Thread
How high will Ethereum go? ETH will be 'a lot higher down the road' – market forecaster
ETH will flip BTC
Mogulproductions STARS has been listed on ProBit exchange..Before this, the fastest growing project has been listed on exchanges like Bitmart, coingecko, coinmartket and many others
Blue zebra – ultra rare 1/5
[Discussion] Limitation/ what could go wrong?
Vitalik Doubles Down on Proof-of-Stake: It Could Solve Btc’s Problems
Ethereum blockchain development platform Reach raises $12M
What Should Investors Think About Ethereum’s Recent Volatility?
We’re only one down from SAFEMOON!! LFG!! 🚀🚀🦍
Out of Ethereum for gas, please help :(
END DAY  
Keychain of your favorite cryptocurrency? Ofcourse.
What causes ETH to drop and rise in price? I’m new to crypto.
Question About Sending Coins From Exchange to Wallet
Ethereum Classic Price Prediction: ETC prepares for a 120% rally
It is x14 the size of UNISWAP V3 pools.
SpaceX scam token
“Keep your chin up, dips suck!”
EIP 1559 and Speculations for Ethereum. All discussed in one link
Hash Musks! Secondary sales turned out to be a great investment for our early collectors
Don’t buy!!! Please DON’T buy!!!
फैन्स द्वारा ट्रेंड करने पर अली गोनी बोले सुशांत ने यह कमाया था,Ali Goni said Sushant earned it when he was trended by fans
WHY DO I HODL??
PAX GOLD AIRDROP
Price speculation for end of year? 2025? 2030?
Since I own Ethereum I might as well Smoke Etherium 🤷🏾‍♂️💨
Predict
Early Ethereum designer to host DeFi Whiteboarding Weekend in the Bay Area
Will eth make people millionaires?
Staking Ethereum
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Wondering what the general consensus is? Is right now a good time to invest in Ethereum?
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
MartianSwap
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
ARKADAŞLARRR
HELP ME PLEASE
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
This is fine...
ETH Difficulty cliffs
ETH in space!
Yesterday I bought the etf ETHH.B, crypto noob here...
Could eth ever get to Bitcoin level prices?
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
ETH Camo Logo 1 from Neon City
A little something I created for y’all, hope you like it
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
A little something I created for y’all, hope you like it
ETH at 2K
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
What would it take for Ethereum to not be influenced by Bitcoin?
etheral x suicideboys x m-09 typebeat "made at trevors" [prod. m-09]
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Billionaire Elon Musk Charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault
Buying One whole ETH
Whale alert
got it
I don’t understand a lot about crypto and I admit it but I do know this. It keeps the banks from giving me 1 10th or even less of the interest the receive from me storing my money for me. Huh?
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Earn some extra money with Bitvavo
sending eth to smart contract
Ethereum Node Setup
eip 1559 swap fee estimations
A currency symbol for Ethereum
Volume
Can some help me understand the difference between ethereum and ethereum 2.0?
From India, With love.
Why aren't there any beacon chain stakers with &gt;32.x ETH?
Cant transfer my ETH to binance from metamask
eth m
Swirlwallet Accepting ETH!
Ethereum Transaction Fees Hit Lowest Levels Since January - Decrypt
Can some one point out the problems with Directed Acyclic Graphs?
Can some one point out the problems with Directed Acyclic Graphs?
Realistic target 2030
What would the implications be for ethereum-based cryptos (like Polygon, just for one example) if Ethereum 2.0 rolls out successfully?
Can some one point out the problem with DAGs?
Can some one point out the problem with DAGs / Avalanche?
Can some one point out the problem with DAGs ?
Hi everyone! Is anyone
Can some one point out the problem with DAGs / Avalanche?
Install CryptoTab browser and get real Bitcoins for using it. Your earnings will keep growing as long as you're watching YouTube, reading news and using your social network accounts daily.
Please answer honestly
Let's rewild the earth with NFTs
Is there anyone who can send me eth? I’m in a abusive household and it’ll be life changing.
Ethereum Will Hitch A Ride To The International Space Station Next Month, How Are People Not Excited?
Eth 2.0 released
ETH FOR TARGET 2100-2000
SHORT SELL ETH FOR TARGET 2100-2000
Randomly received BTTC (bittwit coin)
Moment of silence for us 4k buyers 🙏🏽...
How do I get into ETH development?
Rocketpool Mainnet release Q2 - Shouldn't it be released by now? What happened?
A fact, if you can see it.
DApps with java?
Watch this!
A little bit of Ethereum Max (eMax) in your portfolio may go a long way... thought?
Can we have an everyday discussion on here? Similar to EthTrader. To post research articles, news, tech advances, etc...
Cryptocurrency goes green: Could 'proof of stake' offer a solution to energy concerns? -- NBC News
PumaPay to Migrate From Ethereum to Binance Smart Chain
"Own The Internet" - A Bull Case For Ethereum
Ethereum themed doodle hoodie 1/1
3 cent Uniswap Trades?
Small Businesses on the Blockchain?
How to buy ethereum with lowest possible gas fees through my metamask? Ethereum gas fees are ridiculous.
All global companies polluting nature cause global warming. Therefore, the aim of this project is; All proceeds of this website will be donated to poor families and nature conservation in Africa. be an ambassador of goodness too.
You will be able to buy new dogecoin cars from Elon Mask.
Smart contract
Coming out to my parents as a bear
How can i confirm that i did all the steps right with ETH2.0 staking?
Hacking smart contract
20% tax on Cryptocurrency in South Korea to reduce illegal projects
About this week) let’s go to 5K then 10k 🔥
Ethereum Node Service
Tethering up
Government pumping money
A dApp for whistleblowers! Are we ready to encourage this development?
Its a general question dont know where exactly to ask this - Why has MEV suddenly become a hot topic?
Cheapest exchange to use?
Park your extra cash in this stablecoin account and earn as much as 7% annually - They are starting to figure it out!
Crypto is not for me. I’m done
Buy the Dip
My first smart-contracts 🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😊
Are NFTs and Emissions Correlated?
Eth intercepted and stolen
Ethereum 2.0 Staking Contract Now Has 5 Million ETH
Is it possible to add or remove liquidity on a contract that I have created at Uniswap using another site?
hello all
Hello everyone!
$60,000 + of mini-Ethereum for sale!! 50% off!!! Email me dhart94@ivytech.edu currently valued on Coinbase.
$60,000 + of mini-Ethereum (mETH) for sale!!
Investment advice
My "minor problem " with ETH
‘Ether Beats Bitcoin as a Store of Value,’ Says Goldman Sachs Global Macro Research
Cudo Miner not working properly
Ethereum (Eth) Founder Proposes A Solution To Crypto Mining Woes
How likely would a delay of ETH 2.0 release be? Could it be pushed forward by a few months or a year?
ZGOAT
State-channel based Plinko: Dicether released a new game
Hi.com referral: joinhi
Mark Cuban: What I look at when comparing blockchains like bitcoin and ethereum
NOOB Problem: my browser does not open .eth domains.
Vitalik argues that proof-of-stake is a ‘solution’ to Ethereum’s environmental woes
Picasso collage like– ultra rare 1/5
ETH transfer status
Ether transaction status shows Fail after 10 days
What is EthereumMax and why is it up 18,000%?
Can I back my token with other tokens?
Ethereum
Ethereum Revolution ::))
Ethereum price struggles to separate from broader crypto weakness
Why ParaState? And the tradeoff of Layer 2
Daily Discussion Thread
BREAKN NEWS:GET FREE FOREX SIGNAL FROM OUR HIGH RISK VETARAN TRADERS/TEACHERS....
Now, Claim Your Mined NFT Game Cards
How to create a security token in Ethereum
Cardano’s Charles Hoskinson: Ethereum 2.0 will kill…
Welcome to the Alien Worlds Metaverse! Tips for New Explorers!
Nothing here🤡
Ethereum LPT
First time investor here
First time investing in Crypto
Official Launch 🌏SparkEnergy Clean Energy!!!🌍 New deflationary currency! Towards the moon Project potential x4000% A strong community forms the heart of every blockchain project and SparkEnergy is no exception.
Transferable Ticket !
END DAY  
Joe exotics legalfund just launched $tking token
Whenever i try to start phoenix miner for eth it says "Pool login failed: invalid user provided" can anyone help?
Jackpot or Not?
Just a thought, think I’m wrapping my head around ETH. Let me know what I missed.
Scam or Not?
26 किलो वज़नी की मछली सात लाख 80 हज़ार रुपये में बिक गई है ,
What are the current estimates for when Eth 2.0 will be coming online?
What is DeFi Insurance?
Ethereum might fall below the trendline to 1.396.45
[Question] Is Ethereum the only crypto that can mint NFT's?
Get Your Nexo Card Earlier
EMax
Should I sell my ethereum ok Robinhood over to Coinbase ?
Why is buying on rh so bad?
Why is the richest man siding with Dogecoin?
SuperBid | NFT Auctions for Social Media Creators, built on ethereum
Flashbot? Setting up a trading strategy? [Read This ⬇️]
'Wait, What?': Elon Musk Claims Dinosaurs 'would Still Be Around If They Had Spaceships'
HODLING my eth till moon guys!!
How the world's most active blockchain, Ethereum got it's name.
What the heck is this?
Why the huge drop in gas costs?
Extent of Elon Musk's influence on cryptocurrency; where is it headed?
Derp
After access binance bridge i got hacked my eth, why?
After access binance bridge i got hacked my eth
After access binance bridge i got hacked my eth wallet
Cryptocurrency Addict on a national holiday
Issues with oasis.app and cdp
PoW vs PoS and what happens to the mining ecosystem????
Fractal
Crypto Niches and Rewards
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Genius or Idiot? Smart enough to buy eth, dumb enough to buy it on RH.
I’m new to Reddit! What’s up people?!
5,000,000 staked
Jeff Bezos Charged With Money Laundering This Sunday Morning
It may not be much but I have been holding my eth during the crash
Been holding my eth for a month now
I am a firm believer in the Ethereum blockchain and its central role in the future. From DeFi to NFTs, Ethereum is the way!
Watch This Video On Why Elon Musk Is Backing Dogecoin!
When people donated $TheDAO to the Robin Hood Group to aid in the counterattack - were those $TheDAO ever returned somehow by the RHG?
Is vitalik giving away eth?
Market's bouncing like a ball. Get ready this week!
Bad to go in now?
I was a t $15k Ethereum and now at 8k ☹️
Can Ethereum and Cardano coexist or one is simply superior than other??
LETS GO TO THE MOON !!! 🤞🤞🤞
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Trezor 10% discount
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Phone was stolen, is my eth safe on coinbase?
Ethbonus2021.net
Etherium on Robinhood 😢
Can anyone explain to me this? Because i think it's scam
Goldman Sachs Ethereum - question
I want to get involved in product development
The most powerful ETH miner - Innosilicon A11 Pro 2000MH/s Pre-orders available with 15%OFF
The Ethereum Translation Program is working on translating Ethereum.org to 50+ languages and making it accessible to everyone. If you are bilingual, you can join and contribute.
Oppo Reno 5 and Reno 5 Lite model smartphones on sale, price and features
Is it even practical for ETH to go to the moon?
Ethereum wallet / Mist issue
Ethereum every year
I am hodling, are you?
Preparing For The Charged Particles $IONX IDO On Polkastarter
What does your “Ethereum Experience Resume” look like?
Is there a comprehensive overview of passive eth income strategies?
Most of the Youtubers are super bearish right now, whose going all in?
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
Should I switch Eth pool?
is investing in crypto better than mining or farming it?
#002 r/Ethereum Headquarters - Thank you!
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Brovesting.
Lost ETH
mysterious transaction
Swiss Bank Admits to Laundering $36 Million in Bribes to Soccer Officials
Canadian Purpose Ether ETF Breaches 50,000 ETH
Pay less, buy more - Crypto Mining Equipment with 15% Reduced prices
I really want to figure out what Defi is and i also want to know if ETH will be the best cryptocurrency？
Nature and history of money, property rights, fraud and the potential of crypto: The context
[Academic] Is there a future in NFTS ? (All ages and gender) I am a student how currently writes his term paper on NFTs, i need some data to finish it, I would highly appreciate your help. Thanks in advance.
BBC: Buying a pink NFT cat was a crypto nightmare
Happy Sunday 😊
$IONX Airdrop to Community
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
What is the best platform or app to invest in crypto?
Watch this video on Vitalik Buterin and Shiba Inu!
Help: Transaction keeps failing when sending BAT
Ethereum Push Notification Services Partners with Yam Finance to Bring the Power of Web3Notif to the Awesome YAM Community.
BBC Reporter Purchases First NFT, Describes Process as ‘a Nightmare’
Am I dumbing this down correctly?
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Ether Ad claim 0.00048292 every 30 seconds and invite 10 people, connect wallet and receive payment when you hit the limit withdraw 0.25 Ether. Proof of Withdrawal made this morning.
Rotating Ethereum Logo with Procedural Lava Shader
Help decks here
Ethereum Price Analysis: After Dipping To $2200, ETH Forming Symmetrical Triangle – Breakout Soon?
Ethereum to ADA
Popular Url Shortner Company- HiokUrl announced they will start accepting Ethereum in their website.
John McAfee faces dying in prison for the same thing Elon Musk does on Twitter, says his wife
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Online voting
MODO Airdrop Bot
Decentralized or Centralized? Which One Is Better
Ethureum price
How to decouple from Bitcoin.
2 Question on GMiner
Every single dump!
What are the Scalability solutions for a Healthcare Management Dapp?
InsurAce announces its recent launch in the full spectrum, multi-chain insurance services on Ethereum-based DApp
ETH making a little run....
Shiba General Token
⟠ Latest Week in Ethereum News!
Dancer – ultra rare 5/5
Daily Discussion Thread
Elon Musk's Bitcoin Dilemma
SingularityNet Moves to Cardano from Ethereum
Don’t panic HODL
give me eth for my weed!!!!!!!!!
ERC20 Token development
Please help stuck on unconfirmed pending can't bump
Market Forecasting
I am seeing odd things in the charts, making me thinks about some things.
END DAY  
Safest way to earn passive income on your crypto? (I am scared of staking or providing liquidity. Please change my mind)
Charged Particles $IONX Liquidity Rewards Program Details
जिस मैगजीन ने ऑडिशन के लिए रिजेक्ट कर दिया था आज उसी कवर पेज पर दिखे सोनू सुद,
How profitability is more in 3GH/s miner than 110TH/s miner?
Knight of the Dip
Why would anyone run a node before ETH2?
TEST POST DONT UPVOTE
I can't post here for some reason, this is a test.
Why would anyone run a node before PoS is implemented?
Trend of ADA to strengthens ETH
Hi guys! What are your thoughts on ETH for the next couple of weeks? Predictions??
China could be launching CBDC on Ethereum
Hello, guys. NFT Go, a professional and user-friendly data provider and assets aggregator for #NFT ecosystem, is making its debut👏👏👏. Here, we'd like to share you the latest trending news about NFT, and try to make this concept more accessible to everyone.🤟
NFTs could become something far more widely used, if not in such flashy ways. NFTs are the next wave🌊
CrazyTime
What incentive exists to run a node before PoS?
Why the hate on Polygon?
Coinbase Pro Withdrawals
Evolution of cryptocurencies from 2014 to 2021: from ZERO to a TRILLION dollar market cap
Taxes in Crypto
SuperRare Art
Billionaire Elon Musk Charged with 2nd Degree Murder
'Wait, What?': Elon Musk Claims Dinosaurs 'would Still Be Around If They Had Spaceships'
He we go boys!
Investing long term
Crypto Bulls. Switch strategy and accumulate on weekends instead of weekdays.
What happens to ethereum 1.0 when 2.0 is released?
Dogecoin CEO Transfers project Ownership over to “Greg”, the new CEO of Dogecoin
Holding! Holding!! Holding!!! 😑😐
Evolution of cryptocurencies from 2014 to 2021: from ZERO to a TRILLION dollar market cap
Elon Musk Gets Charged With Third Degree Murder
When you sell expecting a dip
Nice aurge ETH
Ethereum node will be delivered by SpaceX at International Space Station
Should I invest now?
Wireless Internet vs Blockchain?
Do u guys think this is possible for ethereum to hit how much this guy says it will? Skip thru the add to watch the video
More than 5 million ETH has been sent to Ethereum 2.0's deposit contract and are now locked
How do I send funds out of an offline paper wallet?
Noob question: A long time ago I used some wallet for ethereum that provided address and private key. Not seed phrase.
The evolution of cryptocurencies from 2014 to 2021: from zero to a trillion dollar market cap
UFW blocking many Geth connections
Question about uniqueness of keys/addresses in different derivation paths
Charles Hoskinson hating on Eth?
What are your favorite non-DeFi apps?
Its calm before the storm! Sharing this piece I just bought and wish us all a happy Ethereum moonshot as its inevitable!🚀🚀🚀
Register of scams
(Kind of) a social experiment: presenting a public decentralized canvas completely stored on the Ethereum Virtual Machine
Living on crypto in Austria: An interview with Anita Posch
Is EIP-1559 still set to be deployed in July?
Question:
zkSync 2.0: Hello Ethereum!
zkSync 2.0: Hello Ethereum!
zkSync 2.0: Hello Ethereum!
Extent of Elon Musk's influence on cryptocurrency; where is it headed?
In the Battle over Bitcoin, It’s Bull vs. Bear in Elon Musk’s Brain
If US $ was a Crypto
While we all love ETH, I thought it would be fun to see what our second most invested crypto is in!
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Interested in learning Solidity to make DAPPS
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
You guys might like this
ETH PoS — remaining long-term risks?
Watch this video on Etoro revealing why they have added Dogecoin and Shiba Inu!
Ex-Head of China’s Digital Yuan Effort Says CBDCs Could Operate on Ethereum
Billionaire Elon Musk was charged with 2nd Degree Felony Assault this Saturday Morning
Top Ethereum Decentralized Exchange Aggregator, 0x, Launches On Polygon ⋆ ZyCrypto
will ethereum have an unlimited supply?
DeFi Tokens Rally As Ethereum Jumps 11%
Question
Elon Musk Gets Charged With Second Degree Felony Assault
Will ANKR reach $1 in 2021?
$Inu! 🚀
litecoinstore takes Eth, Bitcoin and Litecoin for games.
Merino Platform : Fair Launch | True Utility Token
I can't wait for EIP-1559
I’m an idiot and need a kind human smarter than I to help me
ETH DIDN'T GET DEPOSITED!
Swirlwallet Accepting ETH!
Beth staking at Binance. Apy question
Binance and my stolen money
Eth Staking Rewards and Penalties
20,000 Leagues Under The Open Sea
Another Great Integration of StaFi into Yearn.finance
Will Ethereum drop in price when 2.0 comes out?
Ethereum (ETH) 2.0 Contract Sets A New Record
Is there a Poocoin equivalent page for ethereum based coins where you can just paste the tokens contract address in order to display the current market cap, liquidity size and chart?
I’m having this problem when I try to swap eth to Emax using coinbase can someone please help me
Rollbit: Best betting site for crypto and VPN friendly! Free giveaway ends soon!
Public Learning
We Made a DeFi DApp - Open Beta on the Ropsten Testnet!
THANKS!!!
Digital Yuan Architect: 'Imagine a CBDC on Ethereum or Diem'
Wildest ride I’ve been on
May 2021 Development Update - Doctor Necrosis
May 2021 Development Update - Doctor Necrosis
May 2021 Development Update - Doctor Necrosis
“I’ll take the idea that pure cryptocurrencies are a threat to state money not when bitcoin’s dollar price gets very high, but when its dollar price is irrelevant.” -Nathan Tankus
AIRDROP || moonbee token free claim your trust wallet
say some
Ethereum (ETH) Technical Analysis 2021 for Crypto Traders
A pilot program is now providing crop insurance to over 10,000 farmers in Kenya, powered by Ethereum and Chainlink
Ethereum transaction fees reach lowest levels since January - Crypto DeFinance
Save the Date: Live @Pplpleasr + ENS NFT Showcase &amp; Raffle
ETH Camo Tees Available
My first auction!
How can I see top Bitcoin and other crypto's wallets as we can with Dogecoin on Bitinfocharts ?
And Then There Was FUD - The Daily Gwei #258
Ethereum 2.0 Deposit Contract Larger Than Ever Before
A sigh of relief for Indian crypto traders👏👏👏👏
SushiSwap Deploys Layer 2 Scaling on Arbitrum Platform
[COMEDY] HAPPY MONDAY - A recap of my past week
Crypto Price Crash: Why Ethereum Could Eventually Overtake Bitcoin
What I needed to hear in this bear market...
Overview of Altair - Accounting reform with Alex Stokes
ETHEREUM Logo
ETH WALLET MIST Issue
Ex-Head of China's Digital Yuan Effort Says CBDCs Could Operate on Ethereum
Ethereum Developers Found Vulnerability In EIP-1559
digitalbureaucracy
Lost ETH
Hacked blockchain
Anyone heard of Ethereum swarm? What's its relationship with Ethereum or ETH?
Some questions on Ethereum swarm ;)
Three reasons why Ethereum could crash to $1,200
is proof of stake reduce or prevent pooling?
Will my transaction go through?
Will my transaction go through after a few months?
Is it possible for a transaction to take a few months to settle?
Representatives of banks all over the world focus on the wrong thing
Crypto mania: Is not Bitcoin but Ethereum making the most noise?
Migrating to Uniswap V3: AKA Things to do when Ethereum (ETH) gas fees are low!
How Vitalik Buterin came up with the name ethereum
Basin Creek Solar Project funded for US$250 Million - for crypto - Crypto DeFinance
Alt-coin Traders vs Bitcoin HODL
Over 5 Million ETH, Worth $13 Billion, Has Been Deposited to the Staking Contract
This Week's Top DeFi, CeFi, Bitcoin &amp; Cryptocurrency News - May 31st 2020
Dependency of Ethereum 2.0
Question about Scaling of Ethereum chain
😉Exchange your loyalty points to points of another shop on DragonBite. You will never lose your loyalty points with DragonBite💲!
Is it possible to move Ether out of Coinbase without a tax liability?
What are Gas Fees?
Small eth holders
Layer 2 Summer | Weekly Recap
Architect of China’s Digital Yuan: Ethereum Can Power Central Bank Digital Currency (CBDC)
change my mind ?
What material is there on financial economics with decentralised currencies?
Staking Ethereum
[Hiring] QA Engineer for DeFi/NFT project - Remote, full-time - $125000
:[HIRING] Frontend Engineer for DeFi/NFT project - Remote, Full-time, Job value: $125000/per yr.
[HIRING] Head of Marketing/CMO for DeFi/NFT project - Remote, Full-time $150000
[HIRING] Solidity Developer (EVM - Ethereum &amp; Polygon) - Remote, Full-time, Job value: $125000
Discover the Benefits of Our New Community Premium
Unlearn the helplessness. L1 is more than capable of handling more and more load. We don't need L2 as much as we just need more efficient Ethereum clients.
Ethereum at a crossroads as red flags emerge
How are ETH core devs paid? If they are paid regularly (by time passed) then the incentive structures aren't properly aligned with hodlers. More and longer delays are the logical consequence.
ETH Gas fees are down to 16 Gwei. The lowest in almost a year
Wyoming passed a senate bill on DAO
A must read article on sidechains and scalability.
Daily Discussion Thread
How to send eth from atomic wallet to Binance
It is appalling for a tech-heavy forum to be so ignorant. All they know is btc and claim crypto as a whole is a scam. Barely anyone even mentions/knows about defi there. We are truly early gentlemen, the ride has just begun. How do we educated them though?
Me before Chinese ban
Woman with turban – ultra rare 1/5
What is different about Arbitrum L-2 solution?
ethbonus2021 the ongoing Scam
coinbase limits me to AUD$450 buying ETH, how to buy more?
If you all keep pushing and supporting ETHEREUM will be the next apple everything is build on ETHEREUM
Where is Blockchain Heading Towards in Post-COVID Era?
I just looked this up and apparently Moses had an 11th commandment.. something about “though shall send ETH to a broke college student on the crypto dip and your days shall be lengthened” 🤷🏽‍♂️ also I love hew.
I entered a discord contest and won 10 Ethereum coins, is RespaceX real? Is this real?
END DAY  
